---
title: "? fine"
date: 2021-02-23 00:09:18
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I said I wouldn't go on because I agree with the point of the comment and your opinion. This doesn't have anything to do with the topic. With the exception of the toilet paper / sanitizer craze, gaps get filled quickly. The inventory system adjusts ordering with every purchase. It will catch upward trends, etc.  If you carry a phone on you, you are tracked throughout the store by bluetooth beacons.  Bluetooth is on by default on most phones.

Next time you use those self checkouts, try only weighing some of the produce in the plastic bag while leaving some off the scale.  The AI will catch you.  Try it.  They are heavily, heavily invested in artificial intelligence and machine learning.  Only use cash? They track your face/body anyway.  Still effective with masks.  Imagine what they put into inventory tracking, etc.  There are very few surprises.

Beyond all of that, if a bottle neck continues, they have a private jet and will show up to fix it.  It doesn't matter how inconsequential of a store, when it comes to re-evaluating the competition, that plane will show up and study what's going on and make improvements.

Not too long ago, they would do a complete remodel every 4 years to match the quality of competition nearby. At that time they re-evaluate their strategy.

So, why is this happening?  I can't tell you for sure but consider this.

Walmart has, for the first time in their history, contracted out work to staffing agencies.  You might notice them in your store.  They wear navy polos and kacki shorts or pants but no walmart vest.

I know someone who started working for Walmart through a staffing agency.  If you show any symptoms of covid at all, even minor ones, you are off for 2 weeks.  And it happens often. It eventually happened to my friend who then had to find another job.

So, in my opinion, this is a much bigger problem than overgrowth in a region.  If they haven't fixed it yet, this is happening all over the place.  My bet is covid.
