---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-23 17:46:36
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I would also demand all business and personal cell phone records and emails on the 3 overpaid former employees that never cared less about the city of Fairhope as long as they got paid well and performed certain acts. Also, Jack Burrell, Boone and Robinson's business and personal emails and cell phone records should be requested and shown to a person chosen by the Mayor to be able to look through at the same time to insure we all get a fair account of what exactly happened. These 3 employees would run for the hills if this were to take place. It's the same as Jack Burrell saying that he is going to personally get rid of the the new mayor ( that's putting it nicely)  while "promising" to help in ANYWAY that he can to help the 3 employees receive anything and as much as Jack Burrell himself could get for them.  Burrell, Boone and Robinson's emails and cell phone records both personal and business should be looked at as well. These 3 men would leave the entire state of Alabama if this request should be granted.  You wanna bet. I bet Trip Pittman wouldn't get 10% of the votes of the entire state of Alabama when he ran for the US Senate seat just this month. How about another bet on the fact that Burrell, Boone and Robinson won't agree or be forced to show their personal and business emails and all cell phone records. Heck. They are more guilty than the 3 former employees that were overpaid for years. Bet??? Choke on that Chuckie the dingle berry!!! GCN is all paid for by the Council. Wake up decent people of Fairhope!  If any takers on the bet. Let me know. I couldn't even get a bet regarding Pittman even when I tried to give 10-1!!!