---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-08-23 21:52:52
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 So....Fairhope's City Council, as instructed by Burrell, is actively engaged in raping Fairhope taxpayers so that Burrell can  destroy his political opponent,  Mayor Karin Wilson (who, while not perfect, is doing her best to expose the corruption of our previous Mayor/administration).

Am I an idiot because I believed that Conyers &amp; Brown were honest and cared about Fairhope?  Robinson has, predictably, been proven to be a complete moron (so sad but even his friends admit that Jay believes himself to be so cute and funny that he is just constantly carried away with himself.....and these are his 'friends'.)

I agree with " Anonymous" poster that Fairhope needs to subpoena records from Burrell and Boone.  I have been unhappy with a lot of Wilson's actions (stupid staff/advisors), but I think that the Kant/Boone/Burrell thieves are becoming desperate now.  Why would our own Council try to drag down the city if they did not have big things to hide.  Burrell &amp; Boone are desperate to  get rid of Wilson in any way that they can; this is why I wish that Botop and Maser would resign so that Karin Wilson can have a decent administration with which to fight back.  The 'Citizens', for whom Jack Burrell shows so much contempt, are finally (thanks to Wilson) catching a glimpse of what Kant, Boone &amp; Burrell have done to our city.  Please look that the facts and fight back!

These are not good things for Fairhope......Burrell is pancreatic cancer, destroying the city!