---
title: Fairhope
date: 2017-08-23 23:42:41
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Georgia,
You are so correct and have video and audio of 3 (three) now Fairhope Councilmen who agreed to vote NO on the Fly Creek Project. How stupid can people be by already forgetting these  promises made by them when they were running for Fairhope council that said this with video cameras and tape recorders right in their faces and then "NOT VOTE NO" anytime that the city council has voted on the Fly Creek Project. Many times!!!  Voting NO on this project were the strongest promises and platforms that these 3 men campaigned on or should I say "broken promises". Then people kiss up to them and don't even realize that they themselves have become tainted by voting for these liars in the first place. Stupid people. I thought we made more sense as Fairhopians. I'm sorry that we can't seem to make the people of Fairhope wake up and realize that this alone should have woken everyone up that has any moral value at all. Well, I'm afraid that if they don't attend the meetings or try to do something about it. It will be the citizens fault to let these creeps run Fairhope into the ground!  Even more than it already has. I can also tell you one other thing for sure. There are many many people that if Jack Burrell ever talked to them on the street the way he does to some people during the Council meetings that he would get his ass whooped on a daily basis from 16 year olds to 86 year olds. Cowards is the best word I have for Burrell and the entire council. There have been other things that have been said that are recorded as well and these will come out too and soon.  Wake up people. Y'all are being controlled by a narcissist and his merry men.