---
title: Jester Boy, Dismissed!
date: 2017-07-20 16:01:59
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Lol! Lol! Lol! If you only knew the man you were talking about.  Not all negative like yourself. I know him and you are exactly what he has been saying. Such a Coward Jester for saying things about a decorated officer who is not concerned about you anymore and could fly circles around you in a helicopter or a jet. Hauled nothing except armed machine guns and rockets. He is certainly not worried about your ridiculous comments especially your wanting the $5000, the little man, the queen or getting down and dirty and especially your pity part and I'm not going to post anymore with all the crap about going deep or whatever sticks in you head at the moment. There is no doubt that you are mentally unstable and need help. I'm sure your wingmen are embarrassed to know the real you too! That's if you even know how to fly.  Your actions are certainly unbecoming of an officer!  But then again it shows that you are and never have been officer material. That's why he won't stoop to the snake crawling level that you only know how to play on!  You were probably a latrean cleaner or could not make it throug flight school. (that's where your down and dirty comments come from) with hard feelings and angry comments (info that you have no clue about whatsoever) against him all those that rose above you and have stayed above you to date. I'll join him as he has asked us all to not post anything else regarding the shameless Jester. From a the officers that I know in the area! Both Commissioned and non-commissioned officers. Take your meds!  If you really are a veteran? We can help you if you ask for it. You Jester are dismissed BOY!