---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-07-20 20:39:39
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I am puzzled by 3 things:

How does the Ripp Report know that Burrell, etc are 'under investigation' and by whom are they being investigated?  No other media and certainly not the City Council have ever admitted to this. Are they 'under investigation' by the Fairhope voters &amp; the Ripp Report or is there a government entity with prosecutorial ability that is looking into this.

Why would one assume that Deborah Smith resigned b/c of fear of prosecution?  I have never met her but I recently checked her Linked In profile and she is a CPA with a very distinguished resume.  I think that Fairhope was fortunate to have her; my guess is that she resigned because she can go anywhere and get another job, and she was probably hurt and offended by the Mayor putting tracking software on her computer.  Mrs. Smith is a professional and I doubt that she would leak any information to anyone.  Again, I have never met her but why would she 'leak' anything? 

The Elias Technologies invoice was sent to Ms. Smith for payment.  Then apparently Mayor Wilson became upset b/c the invoices disclosed the billing details (as one would expect).  For her own reasons, the Mayor did not want the details disclosed to the voters so she went back to Elias and persuaded them to 'eat those costs' which they have apparently agreed to do, but they also have come forward to state that they were performing only those services for which Mayor Wilson had requested.   Then the Mayor claimed that Elias had exceeded their scope and that she demanded that they absorb those costs.  How does the Ripp Report know that Deborah Wilson is lying that the the Mayor is telling the truth (the Ripp Report states that the Mayor is the one who saved the city these thousands of dollars in expenses.)

Don't think that I wish that Wilson had not won and that we still had Kant in office.  I supported her and voted for her, but the Ripp Report must admit that she has been a disaster.  I know that Boone &amp; Burrell are gunning for her, but she has made herself (and the rest of Fairhope) appear stupid and ridiculous.  The Ripp Report's mandate is to expose government corruption; you are harming the city by not covering Wilson's own misdeeds.  Perhaps if she could get her priorities in order, she could go to the Council and make some deals.  She campaigned and won because of the Fly Creek Apartments. Arthur Corte stated in a meeting last week that it made no difference what the city or the citizens want; all that matters is where the 'demand' is.  Why can't she get behind her original plan and do something that benefits the City and not her unemployable friends?  (Although, kudos for getting the best Planning Director ever.......how did that happen?)