---
title: Francis Paul Ripp
date: 2017-07-22 07:57:11
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 When you file an ethics complaint the ethics commission will assign you a case number, that has been done. Then the ethics commission will investigate the matter and inform complainant of their findings, no notice has been given. These investigations take time and research and the    ethics commission will neither confirm or deny any investigation is going on, that is their policy. The Council knows the ethics commission is investigating the airport and is lying when they say" the ethics commission found the complaints "baseless". That is a bald face lie.
As far as the Elias invoices, I called for several days and no one from Elias would return my calls.I believe the paper version of the invoices is questionable at best. My statement about the money saved was based on the adjusted invoices, if any wrongdoing occurred I would have to assume it would be Elias that would have the liability to complain, I hear nothing. Personally I have run many Small business and it looks like every day bs that any business or municipal government has to deal with daily. 
As far as Debroah Smith goes, she has been more than happy to speak to the same coupon paper that is printing her invoices. Jack "come fly with me" also quoted Smith as saying their were issues with her resignation with the city, however they left out those issues in the paper and Jack just alluded to problems. Please read between the lines. One other thing those documents were leaked from city hall they did not come from foia requests. Never in 12 years of research have I received documents without going through the right channels.Mr Burrell is knee deep in leaked documents and as far as the computers being tapped, they are city property and so is the content. I think in the long run we will find out that some employees hung themselves with electronic devices. Looks like we may get a lot of answers if the council forces the Mayor to court, a stupid move.
As far as your closing comments please read the recent post on Ripp Report, Freaky Friday.Mayor Wilson has tackled more in 8 months than the last three councils, that is a fact. Her reorganization of planning and Planning and Zoning is the most significant change in city government in many years. This will have an everlasting positive effect on Fairhope