---
title: Jester Triple-Six
date: 2017-06-24 16:21:02
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 No, Robinson is trying to explain to the citizens the reason he is voting for something. He is articulate, smart, well read and he can spell.

Queen Karin the First of Fairhope is the one that talks, talks, and talks, uh, oh, well, I am trying to explain, you know what I mean, uh, well, I am not sure, it's the council's fault, it's the media's fault, it is the employees fault, it is certainly not my fault. She has had 100 complaints, that is less than half-of-one-percent of the population.

It seems QKFF can not even get her public disclosures forms correct, 2016 she had 3 siblings, and in 2017 she has only 1 sibling, huh. Sends a letter that has misspells, she lacks the details one would think someone would have with this "over 25 years of business experience." And she calls this meeting! 

It seems those on this blog can only see things through one lens, and that is the lens of Queen Karin. She is at national mayors conference, not regional, but at a national conference where Bill Clinton is speaking. Spending OUR money! AND the mayor of New York, and the Mayor of New Orleans!

If you look at the attendees, most are from larger metro cities, almost all are Democrats. Bloggers on here speak of GOB's not accepting a woman as mayor then this mayor goes to a meeting where Bill Clinton is the speaker. Please!

Yeah, she is spending our money wisely. I am out of town on this meeting, out of town on that meeting, spending money upon money. Only 4 mayors from Alabama attended this meeting, the Tuscaloosa, Bessemer, Birmingham, and Fairhope mayors are attendees. Hum! AT least the other mayor look like mayors! 

QKFF needs to attend a class(s) on how to make friends and influence people. Now that would be money well spent! QKFF new proclamation - if you speak out against me, I will delete your comments from Facebook. 

Now, I tell people that I live on the Gulf Coast and not Fairhope. That is a damn shame to feel that way too. I said it before and will say it again, what 2 mayors built in 30  years she will destroy in 4 years. In year 2 of her tenure the city will have less on the balance sheet, then in year 3 and 4, the balance sheet will really fall.

Strike Fast! Strike Hard!