---
title: Jester Triple-Six
date: 2017-06-26 08:15:17
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I don't post for the Councilman, never have. I have seen how dangerous the Queen is. In her April town hall meeting, she said the mission statement for Fairhope now is "trustworthy leadership". I was one of the few that showed up for the meeting. Then, Spygate occurs, the Queen is so stupid she thinks people can not see through her.

She tried to explain her points but the Superintendant of Education had to intervene because she was saying - uh, well, okay, unhuh, duh, giggle, my, yes, it is this, well, do you know what I mean, oh my, well.....

So, you and your supporters like to use sexual remarks to make points because you lack the intelligence, that, combined with all the whiskey you have been drinking, in an attempt to make some point. I did not vote for Kant, didn't vote for the Queen either, didn't vote for all the council members. 

The Queen does everything for the wrong reseasons. The Queen is in this for the Queen, it is all about the Queen, she somehow thinks how she is going to move up in politics to a higher officer. She is indeed making a name for herself, and that name, well, I have refrained from using language on here that is not worthy. 

You will not call out the mayor on the crap she pulls, you have your head in the sand, and you should be upset with all of her bs too. 

AND take care of your partner to get all the sexual tension off of your mind. If they will let you touch them with that mouth, I bet your mother is proud of you.