---
title: Aunt Pitypat
date: 2019-02-21 07:35:17
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 What has happened to Gulf Shores, Fairhope  and anywhere else in Baldwin County has occurred because we as residents have elected Bozos to run our cities and County then  we looked the other way for too long. This area was a developer’s dream and the Bozos crawled in bed with the developers.  Those of us that have lived here forever know that we cannot go back to the way it was years ago but we could preserve what we have and not be everything to everyone. Strengthen our infrastructure and replace and repair what we have. The only plan that the Bozos have had was ..No Plan At All Just Cash In While You Have Some Control ... one thing really unique to Baldwin County was open spaces.  Now it is build on every inch that you can get your hands on.  I just read in The Courier where Bozo Brown thinks the Triangle May need to be a Mountain Bike Trail and Bozo Burrell thinks $9,730.00  of your money is ok To spend doing a STUDY for that use. 
Lee Turner is another bag of worms!!!! OF COURSE HE HAS A CONFLICT OF INTEREST BEING PRESIDENT OF FSTC!!!    I think Lee Turner has his eyes on being Mayor of Fairhope!! 
We as citizens can show up in numbers to Council and Commission Meetings and demand that their priorities be to take care of what we have and now make sure our infrastructure is suitable for handling the mess they have helped create...overload of buildings, people, traffic, trash, pollution, sewer overflows, ETC!!
OR MAYBE WE COULD JUST LOOK THE OTHER WAY AND LET THIS AREA BE COMPLETELY DESTROYED AND BLAME IT ON SOMEONE ELSE! SOON THE ONLY  VIEW OF THE GULF WILL BE THE TINY SLITS BETWEEN THE CONDO BUILDINGS LINING OUR BEACHES!