---
title: Denny
date: 2018-06-12 09:07:10
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 My favorite parts of last night's council meeting:

When one of the residents stated she had some issues with "our newspaper".  That was a laugh-out-loud moment as everyone knows Gulf Coast Media can't even generously be called a newspaper.  (P.S. Cliff McCollum, resident liaison between the council and broadcast news, was there as well and looks in person about what you would expect a person who writes crap to look like.  No wonder that guy can't get a date.)

Jack Burrell's insistence that he knew nothing about last week's circus of a council meeting, despite the fact a gentleman had texts to prove he did.  

Likewise, Jack's declaration that he's never had anyone removed from a council meeting, when everyone knows the RECORDED threats he made against Mr. Ripp.  Jack may as well said to the entire audience: "Who are you going to believe - me or your lying eyes?"

Mayor Wilson's husband, who apparently had finally had enough after being threatened by Jessie Patterson the previous day and then listening to the council deny they had any knowledge of Sherry's theatrical production.  Anyone who knows Mr. Wilson from their downtown businesses knows that he is a polite, calm and thoroughly likable person but if looks could kill, Jack would have stroked out and keeled over behind his microphone.

But the best shining examples of residents who care about our City were demonstrated by the first two speakers.  If you did not watch the council meeting, I suggest you do.  Public participation starts at  54.08   https://www.facebook.com/CityofFairhope/videos/10155786130904538/