---
title: Citizens
date: 2018-06-13 14:12:45
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Oh Bay Gazer! You are so full of shit even since your first post against the Mayor. If you have really seen and read the full report, including the sealed ones. You must be either working against the Mayor by standing up for Jack or just a plain sorry ass person that we all have know for many years. Oh? It’s both! You are pathetic. Go now and bow to your Mastet Jackass Burrell. There is no doubt that Jack Burrell has shown any respect for anyone including his own family. That is a fact that no one can deny no matter if he had done good things for Fairhope. He is not a person that should represent what kind of great character that the rest of us have. Get the hell out of Fairhope. Cowards as you have been your entire life. Such a small person.  You are more of a City Council “Gazer” than anything else. Post whatever you want to. What ever you do have have posted is of no meaning and with no character. The Council is full of Cowards. I see that when the gentleman told the council how sorry they are and why don’t they speak to him in the manner they speak to other people. The were squirming in their seats and kept their mouths shut as they do when they can’t intimidate someone.   You and Anonmyass are both weak people. You damn sure won’t go up to the microphone at the end of a City Council Meeting and say something. Hide while you can. You know no other means of lashing out. You two do not have any respect for anyone or respect for your own family. Jack Burrell has proven this time and time again. But there will always be fools and little people that will believe and follow such a pathetic group as yourselves. Rock and Roll. You all just show everyone how stupid you really are and it’s obvious that all of y’all don’t mind that fact.