---
title: GUILTY!!! #MeToo Movement
date: 2018-06-13 15:03:42
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 That’s what I actually heard a high ranking court  Judge say verbatim!!!  All anyone has to do is watch the City Council meetings since Wilson was elected Mayor and each and every man on the City Council has shown signs of Bipolar behavior, delusion and any JURY of any Court would find them all guilty of Harrasment towards Mayor Wilson. Mayor Wilson should file a Harassment case against the City Councilmen. First against Jack Burrell and depose all of them and the after winning, Sue the rest of them. This is certainly a perfect case of the many  #MeToo cases that have been brought forward. One thing I have to say. I have met the Mayor’s Husband a few times. He is a a REAL MAN that shows the respect to all men, women and children than this pathetic council has ever shown to more or less anyone!! I bet you Jack and the rest of the Council would never get in his face and talk to him like they have disrespected and harassed his Wife. They are all scared little people not worth 2 shits. While suing Jack Burrell, bring in a psychologist and let him review all the tapes of the meetings and it’s a slam shut case and a guilty verdict against Jack Burrell and the rest of the Council. There are probably other women (not like the woman in the black outfit  who praised Jack Burrell and he Counci, she probably has been slapped around all her life and told she is worthless. By the way, if you know this woman, please tell her to go get help) that would alonhave the same right to sue Jack Burrell and see how the people come out in support of Women’s right. They have broken the law so many times, it would take 100 times the time to submit the evidence than for the jury to FIND THEM ALL GUILTY!!!!