---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2019-06-26 22:28:47
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I did not attend the Monday night  City Council meeting but I did just watch it. Kudos to John Manelos and everyone else who spoke the truth to Jack Burrell (am I the only one who sees him as an increasing embarrassment to the silent quatro other amigos (not to mention the City).  He/they planned (imho) to execute this property transfer while everyone is on vacation and while they alone were causing dissension over the already approved boutique hotel.  It's truly a smoke and mirrors government here.  I am a newcomer here but these are the facts that I know:

Diana Brewer lost her City Council seat because she was selling the Fly Creek Apartments for her 'patron' Corte. She was correctly voted off of the CC because she was a traitor to Fairhope.  Good riddance to her.   Then she moved to a marketing management position at something in Mobile (some type of museum) that quickly shut down due to lack of interest (not good at her job?).   Interestingly, she then shows up with a great position at Weeks Bay, which has puzzled me from the get-go.  Why is this loser marketable anyplace?   No one likes her other than Jack Burrell and Corte;  and then it hit me.    Did Corte fund this position?   Burrell &amp; Brewer were best buddies on the Council a few years ago so they can still work together for Corte's interests?    Now, here we are:  Jack Burrell is trying to place the triangle property into Weeks Bay Conservancy........what a coup that might be for the 3 of them.  Other CC members remain silent, city attorney remains silent....in a few years Weeks Bay changes its course and, suddenly, condos and apartments abound on the triangle.


If I am wrong about anyone on the Council,  accept my apology, but do your job!!