---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-03-10 03:23:26
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Your efforts on investigating the airport operations at Fairhope need to look further into the past and the lease renewal that was negotiated by the incumbent operator, Continental Motors with the Airport Authority in late 2014.

http://thefairhopetimes.blogspot.com/2014/02/airport-needs-more-hangar-space.html

Continetnal Motors was originally awarded a 30 year lease in 1985 and the aiport authority in March 2014 (per the minutes) was considering an RFP for a the FBO operations at the Airport. The lease was set to expire November 2015. However, by October 2014 the Airport Authority was in negotiations on renewal with Continental Motors who had committed as part of the lease to invest $850,000 in the refurbishment of the North Hangar at the Airport and the expansion of employment at the Airport. The Authority never did proceed with a competitive bid process for the FBO Operations and signed a renewal of 25 (?) years with Continental Motors.  55  years of operation at the airport without competion (1985-2040).

http://thefairhopetimes.blogspot.com/2014/10/new-lease-pre-approved-for-airport.html

The refurbishment of the North Hangar was then awarded to Jim Boothe Contracting of which Vincent Boothe (Airport Board Member) is the Co-Owner &amp; CEO, as well as owner of Flight Training of Mobile (located at the Brookley/Downtown Mobile Airport) and the Salt Air Aviation FBO &amp; Flight School located at the Gulf Shores, AL Airport.

A worthy challenge of your investigative skills and a deeper dive into the empire of former Fairhope Mayor Tim Kant.