---
title: McCain and the rest! GO!!!!
date: 2017-11-12 17:17:05
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Since Veteran's Day has passed I thought the good people of Alabama should know that it is a  FACT  that Senator John McCain is worthless and  has done more harm than good for this country. After interviewing a couple of "Really Great Men who were all members of the same squadron during the time McCain was shot down and captured, his own men considered him to be unprofessional, a danger to the group and a terrible drunk certainly without question. It was told to me that it was about 90%of  his own fault for being shot down and captured and they both said nobody wished to have a thing to do with McCain, much less having to fly next to him. They said he might have worked with the enemy and helped them so that he would be treated better. Now, McCain wants to be on the TOP of the list for having Roy Moore removed from the ballot even though there had not been a single thing proven that Moore did anything wrong. What timing???? McCain and the Washington Post are back room drinking buddies for years and have worked together to lie, cheat or steal material or make up stories to better their themselves in the public eye. There are two of McCain's squadron members living within 150 miles of Fairhope and they have repeatedly said they hated flying with him because of his alcohol abuse stupidity while also putting his own men in danger because of his own mistakes. Let McCain stand before the entire world and tell us this is not true and also that he has never in his life, sexually harassed a woman. You think the women he has are going to come forward?  No, because of his power. But according to his own men in combat. He wasn't very bright and if all these politicians would read up on what the definition of sexually harassing a woman is. They, themselves would be shocked to find out just how many times that they may have committed this crime. McCain, as a fellow Veteran, is an embarrassment to all us US citizens. Republicans, Democrats or any other party you chose to belong to. Look up the squadron members. I just got back from a visiting a few old timer Veterans that I met just yesterday   I'm sure the press can too. Only if they want the truth instead of the fake news. Roy Moore, I hope you stick through this all the way and win. I believe you have and always have had God on your side. I appreciate your service and your accomplishments of being a West Point graduate and never backing down on the Christian values that all these bible thumpers and sorry ass atheist or politicians that want some TV time, try to hinder your work from any of our values that are threatened. Screw all you politicians who are so pathetic and are so quick to cast judgment on 40 plus years of bullshit that has been made up (all of a sudden) Why now! Because you all are a bunch of spineless hypocritical pricks that are responsible for this country being in the shape that it is in right now. Roy Moore didn't screw up this country. THE VERY PEOPLE WHO ARE ON TV SAYING ROY MOORE SHOULD DROP OUT OF THE RACE OR IS UNFIT FOR OFFICE ARE THE SAME PEOPLE WHO HAVE DONE NOTHING GOOD AND ONLY HARM TO THIS COUNTRY. LOOK AT THEM REAL GOOD!!!! Worthless!!!! People are so quick to blame the Presidents, but it's the sittting Senators, Congressmem and representatives, now, and for the past umpteen years who have pulled our pants down and have screwed us every single day. So many of You will burn in hell and as I watch from up above, I will just stand there and point out the fact that you all knew exactly each and every sin you committed and every time you did  it.  I'm no saint, but I have not sold my soul to the DEVIL to merely get ahead in politics or fatten my bank accout!  Wake UP all you people who blame Trump, Obama (he didn't need much help screwing us) Clinton, Bush, etc. Its your Congress and Senate who screws us each and every day of the week and twice on Sundays. They are the decision makers and they couldn't give one rat's Ass about you or your family. 
????Washington post!!! Liberal and Entitled  bunch of assholes. They do nothing!!!!! good for this Country. Only harm to make a buck or cost someone money.  Follow the politicians who are standing against Roy Moore and Those follow the Washington Post. These Politicians are just some of your Liars and Thieves!  I've Done my part for this country.  We service men and women and veterans do and have done because we care about this country unconditionally. Hell, there are people we meet everyday that we could easily say, "I served for that piece of shit", a lot of them of course are the politicians that I mentioned before and the "so quick ones to judge and accuse Roy Moore".  There are so many sorry ass people who spit on this country and  I truly thank all of the service men and women of this country, 
Present and Past, for looking past these people including the politicians, ignorant and senseless trouble makers, criminals and unappreciative people that we have faithfully defended in this country. We have always and will continue be there for you no matter how you disgrace us or our nation. WHAT???? Big if??? WOULD HAPPEN if all service men and women,
This includes all the men and women of the law forces that protects every one of you with the same unconditional love for this county and we all just got tired of defending y'all and quit Today!!!! Not speaking for everyone here. MOST of you probably wouldn't even see 
Christmas!!!!!  Even before  our enemies got to us. The gangs and the criminals would make you wish you would have been a better person. HOW ABOUT JUST START BEING A BETTER PERSON???? 
Good Politicians, the ones that actually can?  Start doing your jobs and care about the citizens of this country. All of you creeps that are retiring, leave now! Corker, Flake (biggest loser I have ever met) etc, and take sorry ass McCain with y'all.  Get the F out today!!!! Because we all know how much more damage you are going to do now that you are going to do now that you know you are leaving. Everyone else, don't be so quick to judge and as bad as it might taste, say something nice to someone for a change. 
LOVE AND HONESTY AND HARD WORK can make American great again. But for the last 40
Years and counting. We have been sucking big time for awhile now!