---
title: F the NFL
date: 2017-11-12 20:33:42
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Just got back in town and wanted to say thank you and how grateful me and my family are to all those who serve or have served in our armed forces. Veterans are the back bone of this country as well as the women and men who stayed back state side in past wars and helped keep the country running. I think all my fellow veterans will agree. All these brave men and women and those who serve in today's time are in my opinion "people that have not let out country go down the tube anymore than it did. 
  I also just finished watching a news show called 60 minutes that does a pretty good job with the exception of the blatant liberalism they project sometimes. CBS is probably the best network to depend on the truth with a few exceptions of shows like 60 minutes not respecting the hard work that our veterans have done to keep this country together. Without us. It would have fallen apart a long time ago. 60 minutes did as always their best to try and inflate the blame game especially on the military. Things in War are terrible and mistakes happen. All we can do is continue to work hard to make sure we correct any mistakes that we make and learn as much as possible to insure they don't happen again. Sometimes it's human error or technology capabilities or both or no ones fault. I can assure you that the great men and women of the armed forces treat every situation with the highest degree of concentration and skill level.
   Now, sit back and let me share with you what I read from several news organizations. It seems that the NFL player protesters who enjoy kneeling and getting attention for all the wrong reasons while also protesting on my dime, decided because it was Veteran's Day Weekend, they would not kneel out of respect. Well, I can tell you that I believe in "that black lives matters". I'm not really concerned about those black (only skin color that I saw with my own eyes) after going over almost every filmed start of an televised NFL game this year. Black NFL players don't get a pass for all of a sudden agreeing to stand for the national anthem just because they want to show respect for the veterans of our country. The fact of the matter is that we have told these assholes that it always has been about our country and the wonderful men and women who are serving or have served in our armed forces. These Black NFL players who agreed to stand this weekend only proved to that they should have been standing at every game. I keep using the word black players, because I'm not racist, but because I personally have only seen black NFL players protesting and have not seen any other race protesting  Again, on my dime and my family's time. A typical NFL game cost me about $300 and that's not tickets or travel cost and these SOBs. Actually worse!! And they are making several million and up to 40 million dollars a year. Do their  protesting on own time and use their own resources to educate the blacks in your, what most black players call their gang infested or terrible neighborhoods. It's a fact that NFL players are about 65% black, 10% mixed racial parents and about 25% white. While those people in charge of NFL sponsorships and ticket holders are  more than 70% white people.
The sad thing is that the ratings for the NFL are slowly declining but, that's not what I call the worst of the news for the white supported League. During the next 10 years or less. The NFL is expected to be at more than 90% Black with some of that being interracial couples and about 10% white. Probably not a great idea for the Black NFL players who are already disrespecting our veterans but our own country we call USA!!!!
I myself have sold my NFL tickets already and sent a congratulatory letter to PAPA JOHN'S PIZZA for pulling back on its sponsorship of the NFL. Believe me. It's going to get worse if not corrected in sonic speed. The Black People of this country has never had it so good in the sports world and very few these Black Famous Rich Athletes do not wish to spend their money nor their money to help the cause which THEY should have been taking a larger part of for the past many many many years!!!!!  It's always the Whites who cause the problems but it seems that we are footing the bills for about 90% of all the money for the blacks to play in the NFL and the 93% of them to play in the NBA. 
So I say to all the Black NFL players that decided to stand this weekend instead of kneeling out of respect of Veterans Day. 
PLEASE DO NOT ever think that you need to stand for anything again for this veteran as I wish you would just continue to take a knee. Because there are a lot of us veterans and NFL game use to be watchers don't think of you as AMERICANS in the first place. Knock yourself out. Most white people are not as patriotic as they were once were. So they probably don't give a crap about watching a bunch of black NFL players kneeling at the beginning of the game and slapping all the veterans and law enforcement officers right across the face!!!
P.S. congratulations to the San Francisco 49ers. They won game their first game this year against the NY Giants that have only won one game themselves. I think that is the 1st or 2nd win in 2 seasons. 
Hey Colin Kapernick, I here you can't find a job so after almost twi years. You now decided to sue the NFL because you are a disgrace and a trouble maker and you Suck Too. 
Since you took that knee and disrespected not just the Veterans and the Law enforcement of this country. You disrespected all of  the patriotic Black People of American!!!! Who take a liken to Balck people like yourselves acting like fools. They call y'all something but a white person can't say it. With the exception of a very few. Black athletes love to say the "N" word. A good start for all of you would be to stop saying the "N" word while at the same time condemning anyone else in the the world saying it. Y'all use like there is no tomorrow!