---
title: "Comment: Are You Surprised at all??????"
date: 2017-04-30
categories: 
  - featured-comment
tags: 
  - boy-scouts
  - bradley-byrne
  - butler
  - pittman
  - russell
  - thompson
  - tucker-dorsey
authors: 
  - admin
---

FAIRNESS IS THE DEFINITION OF ANYBODY THAT WE GIVE ANY OF OUR TRUST TO!!!!!!!

Let me simply explain to all of you that have actually shown an interest in and am proud to say that Fairhope Citizens DO CARE AFTER ALL!!!!!

THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SHOWING THESE PAST FEW MONTHS.

IT WILL PAY DIVIDENDS NO MATTER IF WHAT HAPPENS, THINGS WILL GO OUR WAY. I CAN PROMISE YOU THAT IN THE FUTURE, WE WILL HAVE DIFFERENT PEOPLE MAKING THE DECISIONS. HINT, HINT, THEY KNOW ITS COMING. THAT’S THE BEST BEST PART OF THIS POST!!!! (if you should qualify) who really think any of our Alabama politicians are actually thinking for one moment that they are in it this to help us??? You can now forget that crap! I have personally seen another sorry excuse for a politician, Kay Ivey’s run up the latter to only become Governor while tearing down the DREAMS OF SO MANY HARD WORKING ALABAMIANS putting their last nickel into the Alabama PACT program and totally screwing it up while she and several board members received 100’s of thousands of dollars to fail miserably and act as criminals to take away what was promised to those who worked so hard to try and accomplish with GREAT!!!!!!!!! sacrifices only to be told that they their own children would not be receiving what the lying and now current governor of Alabama swore to them what they would get in return. 100 percent liar and the facts show it!!!!! Has been for years and some of the politicians have been wagging their tail in awe just as they were when they were trying to convince us that they could not stand Trump. (That would be President Trump to you all!!!) When you all complain about some of the things Trump said on the Bus Sex Scandal. I have certainly heard worse from some of your biggest donors but, do not recall any of you sending back any contributions!!!!! you all know what I’m talking about. Spit the taste out of your mouth. Ive heard you all say it! But of course, while paying herself and the PACT personnel LOTS OF MONEY!!!!!! Plain and simple! We have went from a lying Criminal Bentley to a lifetime professional lying criminal Governor Kay Ivey! Who all the politicians mentioned in this article, Bryne, Pittman and Dorsey have praised Ivey even knowing the fact that she has screwed many of the hard working public who had hoped to have their kids college tuition would be paid for after the extreme and heart-wrenching and awful sacrifices that so many had made without Kay Ivey giving a crap or losing even ONE MINUTE SLEEP OVER IT!!!! Are you Surprised yet????? Hell no! IT comes with rewards as all our politicians get as bonuses. The more you screw the public, especially the hardworking and only truly honest people of Alabama….. You get a raise and a promotion OR REELECTED. This crap started long before the Bentley thing. IVEY HAS BEEN SCREWING US FOR YEARS!!!!! GOT IT ON PAPER! IT’S A FACT!!!! I think we would rather have someone talk about someone’s breast next to them than to steal and act knowingly in a criminal way against the hard work and compassion of the good and deserving parents and their children’s college education funds taken away as promised by KAY IVEY!!!!!!!! AWARDED FOR FAILING and putting the shaft to so many hard working and honest citizens of Alabama!!!! Sure, you can say Kay Ivey has always screwed US!!!! NO secret!!! It’s in the record book!!!! It’s a fact!!! “ARE YOU SURPRISED???????

Also, you have Bradley Byrne, Tripp Pittman and Tucker Dorsey being made aware of this problem for over 2 years that the Mobile Area Council Boy Scouts, which includes Baldwin County, that Monies are being wasted and possible criminal activities are taking place without anyone of them doing anything about it at all even after all of them have been informed straight to their faces!!!!!!. CONTACT THEM PERSONALLY AND SEE WHAT AWARDS THEY HAVE RECEIVED DURING THE PAST 3 YEARS AND HOW BADLY THAT PHILL WEBB OF FAIRHOPE HAS SCREWED THE BOY SCOUTS during HIS PAST past 3 years as president of the Boy Scout Board. They have not only known about the terrible mismanagement that has taken place, but have actually accepted awards including Phil Webb of Fairhope, Al. Yes, another Baldwin County Disgrace! He has been responsible for losing over $750,000 just in his past 3 years as President of the Mobile Area Boy Scout Council, He alone WHO HAS PROVEN TO BE THE WORSE PRESIDENT ON RECORD THAT CAN BE VERIFIED. FOR 2014, 2015, AND 2016, in the Nation!!!! HE has somehow AVERAGED A LOSS OF OVER $250,000 EACH YEAR FOR THE PAST 3 YEARS. WHY WOULD ANY BOARD MEMBER, VOLUNTEER, SCOUT MASTER OR ANY POLITICIAN KNOWING THIS FOR OVER!!!!! 2 YEARS EVEN THINK ABOUT PUTTING UP WITH THIS!!!! Is this Baldwin County or the State of Alabama reward system???? YEP!!!! SEEMS SO AND PHILL WEBB HAS A PERSONAL INVESTMENT COMPANY IN MOBILE?????? ANY SCOUT MONEY IN THERE? AND IS RESPONSIBLE FOR TERRIBLE ACTIONS ALONG WITH MIKE BOX, THE TREASURER, A FAILED ATTORNEY IN MOBILE AS WELL AS HIS WIFE BEING HIRED FULL TIME EVEN AFTER HAVING TO SELL A THIRD OF OUR OWN CAMP “MAUBILA” (You older true Scouts with Honor, know WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT). WE all have enjoyed for many years and there is talk of having to sell even more of the land. How about this, during the first part of 2016, they sold a third of the land and netted almost $300,000. OVER HALF!!!!! of that went to pay the salary (ONE YEAR) of executive director Michael Hartigan, the executive director’s salary and benefits of over $150,000 WHO HAS NOT RAISED ANY MONEY SINCE HE WAS HIRED IN JAN 2009! Is this what Byrne, Pittman and Dorsey and even our own council, stand for???? Wow!!!! THEY ALL HAVE DESTROYED any HONOR OF ALL BOY SCOUTS, NATIONWIDE. Phill Webb of Fairhope and Michael Hartigan along with other board members and politicians are responsible 100% OF LOSING A MAJORITY of the embarrassing amount of money lost for the MOBILE AND BALDWIN County area Boy Scouts since it was FIRST Chartered in 1919!!!! Yes, SINCE 1919!!!!!!! The Council is Broke!!!! Point your finger at who you want to!! But the money lost since Jan, 2009, it would take 20 years of all the popcorn sales to maybe come close to catching up. And that’s without wasting the $150,000 a year we are spending on Michael Hartigan the executive director, and any other monies spent, who along with Phill Webb of Fairhope has not brought in any additional money since January 2009!!! Can you imagine that all the popcorn sales for the next 20 years would not even save the Mobile Area and Baldwin County Boy scout Council even if we had no expenses at all!!!!! It’s the Baldwin county and the State of Alabama Dream I guess. They owe money over and above the assets of the council including everything that has been given or donated since 1919. They have even called on THE persons who have not passed (DIED) yet, and asked if they could ACTUALLY COLLECT AND /OR receive monies and have actually called their estates AS WELL, asking if some of the money could be paid before they passed. CRAP!!!!! All of the politicians that i mentioned before are certainly familiar to these requests..Some of them receiving very prestigious awards (I MEAN LIKE THYE EARNED A PURPLE HEART OR SOMETHING OR EVEN RISKED THEIR LIVE!!!!! GEEEZ. HOLD THIS COUNTY ACCOUNTABLE!!!!!!THEY RECEIVED THESE AWARDS while this $750,000 is being lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really???? BALDWIN COUNTY AT ITS FINEST!!!!! What is strange???? Back to the “Are you surprised??? They have actually been rewarded WITH ALL KINDS OF PRESTIGIOUS AWARDS FOR SCREWING UP, (THAT IS THE STATE OF ALABAMA WAY) along with our politicians who KNEW the Boy Scouts were getting ripped off and DID NOTHING!!!!! ABOUT IT WHAT SO EVER, with numerous AWARDS!!!!! THEY ARE ALL MAKING IT HARD FOR THE ACHIEVEMENT OF “EAGLE SCOUT” to mean anything what so ever!!!!! This includes themselves as well as their own children!!!!! SHAME!!!!!! Do you think for a minute they would not HESITATE TO TELL YOU A LIE. PHIL WEBB OF FAIRHOPE AND A MEMBER OF THE ROTARY CLUB DOES NOT EVEN KNOW WHAT THE WORD “TRUTH OR HONOR EVEN MEANS”! Would YOU even invest a nickel with someone with a record of losing 3 QUARTERS of a million dollars OF BOY SCOUT MONEY IN just 3 years!!!!! WOW!!! Are you Getting This?????!!!! BALDWIN COUNTY!!!!! STATE OF ALABAMA POLITICS? THERE IS A GROUP WITH THE LAST 10 YEARS OF AUDITS, mostly from the accounting groups of “”RUSSELL, THOMPSON, BUTLER AND HOUSTON, LLC THAT HAVE BEEN CERTIFIED AND SWORN STATEMENT OF EVENTS AND RECORDS THAT WILL BE COMING OUT SOON.

“ARE YOU SURPRISED”

THAT THEY CHARGED AROUND $40,000 EACH YEAR FOR THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS WHEN THERE WHERE EVEN AS ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED ACCOUNTING FIRMS THAT WOULD DO IT FOR 5 YEARS AT THE PRICE OF ONE YEAR THAT RUSSELL, THOMPSON, BUTLER AND HOUSTON, LLC WOULD CHARGE. THEY WOULD SIMPLY TAKE A TAX WRITE OFF. SO WHO GOT THE MONEY???? THE EXCUSE FROM THE MOBILE AREA COUNCIL BOARD PRESIDENT AND FAIRHOPE RESIDENT PHILL WEBB AND FAIRHOPE ROTARIAN. I PERSONALLY DON’T GIVE A SH#$T. I WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR HELPING TO LOSE $750,000 IN 3 YEARS. WHY SHOULD I GIVE A SH\*$T ABOUT SPENDING OR SAVING $200,000 FOR 5 YEARS ON OUR AUDIT WHEN I COULD GET IT DONE FOR AOUND $50,000 TOTAL FOR THE SAME FOR THE SAME 5 YEARS AND SAVE $150,000 DON’T CARE!!!!! THIS FROM A MAN WHO HAS GOTTEN SEVERAL AWARDS ALONG WITH A TERRIBLE AND AWFUL TREASURER MIKE BOX WHO SOMEONE CAN PROVE THAT HE HAS GIVEN BLATENLLY FALSE INFORMATION ABOUT THE STATUS OF THE BOY SCOUT COUNCIL. I HEARD THE RECORDINGS MYSELF AND COMPARED THEM WITH THE BALANCES AT THE BANK! BALDWIN COUNTY SURPRISE!!!!!

NO WAY!!!!

WHAT IS WRONG WITH SAVING $150,000 OVER A 5 YEAR PERIOD UNLESS THEY ARE BOTH ON THE TAKE AND IT WOULD APPEAR THAT RUSSEL, THOMPSON, BUTLER AND HOUSTON, LLP OF 3605 SPRINGHILL PARK, MOBILE, AL 36608 251-473-8026 IS AN ACCOUNTING FIRM THAT SEEMS THAT IT WOULD DEFINITELY TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA AND POSSIBLY? GIVE A KICK BACK TO THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR MICHAEL HARTIGAN OF THE MOBILE ARA BOY SCOUT COUNCIL OR EVEN THE BOARD PRESIDENT PHILL WEBB OF FAIRHOPE, ALABAMA AFTER LOSING A QUARTER OF A MILLION DOLLARS FOR 3 (THREE) YES (3) YEARS IN A ROW WITHOUT SOME KIND OF NEGOTIATION OF A BETTER PRICE FOR A NON PROFIT GROUP WELL I MEAN A $250,000 LOSS A YEAR FOR 3 YEARS UNDER THE DIRECTION OF BOARD PRESIDENT PHILL WEBB WHO I’M SURE YOU CAN GOOGLE AS SOME SORT OF A PERSONAL FINANCIAL PLANNER IN MOBILE , AL WITH A RESIDENCE OF (AND I HATE TO EVEN THINK THAT HE LIVES HERE) FAIRHOPE, ALABAMA. HE LOST $750,000 PLUS OF THE BOY SCOUT MONEY. HOW WILLING WOULD YOU BE TO TRUST HIM WITH YOUR MONEY?

I KNOW YOU ARE NOT SURPRISED!!!!!

ARE YOU SURPRISED AT ALL!!!!!!

I HOPE NOT!!!

JUST GETTING STARTED!!!

Now we have, The Fairhope Council Costing us a ton of money and crapping on all of great citizens of Fairhope who believe that we should have a wonderful town and that the council should think the same way. Well, The Airport Authority has cost the Fairhope Tax payers several millions of dollars, while all of us are having to pay fees after fees for our kids just to attend school! Why are we even paying one nickel to the Airport Authority when everyday, they basically don’t even say thank you while at the same time say “SCREW YOU” WE WILL DO AS WE WANT TO! We also contribute time and money and supplies to keep our schools afloat. We also are told that when we attend a council meeting, “It’s our privilege to be able to speak!!!!” There could easily be an additional $200,000 thousand dollars going to all the Fairhope Schools without waisting it on freeloaders such as the “Airport Authority”

WHAT A FREAKIN JOKE PEOPLE!!!

WAKE UP!!!!!!

ARE YOU SURPRISED AT ALL!!!!!!!?????

I have been to the last 4 months of planning, working sessions and actual council meetings and have seen only a COUNCIL that does not care about “YOU” ” THE CITIZENS OR THE FUTURE OF FAIRHOPE!” TO PUT IT KINDLY, “THEY COULD GIVE A S#&T ABOUT WHAT YOU THINK. IT’S ALL ABOUT THEM!!!! Shouldn’t Mr. Byrne, Mr Pittman and Mr. Dorsey come in and help with some of the problems that we as voters have placed them in their position in the first place? Maybe I’m Wrong. Maybe I’m right that they don’t give a crap too????????

ARE YOU SURPRISED AT ALL??????????????????
