---
title: THINK ABOUT IT
date: 2017-05-27 00:46:42
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Everyone seems to want to talk about people being in the sauce and religious/prayer breakfasts. WELL, You can bet that 110% of the time when any of these politicians bring up the "I'm a Christian/God/Holy Card" they always make sure they inform you first without you inquiring about it. These are the ones who don't know what being a God Loving person is or what being a true Christian is all about. We all have seen many of the politicians drink way too much at different types of events. Other people too! even at the charity fund raiser events for schools, sports, band, civic clubs, etc!   Mr. DUI/Baldwin County Commissioner Chris Elliott was caught and then lied about it a hundred times.  He has failed miserably  with politics whether he knows it or not. We Promise you that he is done!  Alabama Voters have woken up!!! Just watch. You think Tripp Pittman or Jack Burrell has a chance at office again? Nope!!!  People are finally wanting to distance themselves from these types of people instead of sticking their heads up their butts!  Catalysts!!! Who cares about them anymore!!! There will also be more DUIs issued according to certain people that we have talked to. People are tired of knowing that things are being overlooked. They are more concerned about protecting all of us and our children. That's their jobs and they are awesome at it, but they are being worn out with most of these politicians continuing to excessively drink, speed and driving drunk. Saw a County Commissioner driving on 59 going over 90 mph just last week. Be careful after these functions or anytime for that matter. I know they are not the only ones. But everyone should be able to have a decent and clear conversation during these events and stay sober!!!  Ask yourself about some of these events and you will agree that you have seen the terrible drinking behavior right in front of your eyes and the slurring words that we are hearing. A majority of these politicians don't need to be driving home after these fundraiser events. I understand that many of you are hearing them clearly because you are doing the same thing and I caution you now. Stop getting behind the wheel yourselves. Things are going to get tougher and they  should be regardless.  It's being done at EVERY event!  Lets think about a these things while we are all trying to figure out all this mess! Think about it!