---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-05-27 16:41:02
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I have been to war, but I will not ever talk about war! Will not watch it on TV!

The mayor knows she did what she did, and she will have to answer for it in court, that is why we went to war was to protect our way of life. The mayor could help herself if she would apology for what she did. 

I have never met the lady that was assaulted, the witness helped me in the past, she is articulate, knows what she was doing and is highly credible. The believe the mayor did what the report and court document states. 

I believe this ladies, it is too bad for the mayor, but she did what she did. Even if this is the GOB's in action, the mayor has not shown the temperament to be in public office. 

There was a reason the mayor extend that olive branch, she knew what was coming and now she needs the council to save her butt! 

Wait and see, this will not be disclosed except by the real media because the mayor now realizes that not everything needs to so transparent because something happened to her!

All the finger pointing she has done is now going to be pointed right back into her face. IF she is smart, she would get out ahead of this, apology if her actions have harmed anyone, and come to the realization she is her own worst enemy. 

People forgive, yes, we do forgive but not when you hide behind something, it is not the mistake that will define her, it is how she handles the mistake that will be the defining moment! 

Hold your head high when you do apology because it takes more courage to apology for something you have done wrong than to point fingers or hide behind lawyers. It should be done at a council meeting, a town hall meeting and in an employee meeting.

Stand tall and apology!