---
title: RippReport'sBiggestFan
date: 2018-08-01 17:43:17
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Paul, I hope your recovery is going well. Your hallucinations may be occurring due to the persistent tin foil hat you wear on your head. Aside from your writing style, the greatest travesty of this article, and many of your others, is your fascination with spinning the facts of current events through your conspiracy seeking lenses. Chuck E. Cheese (proper spelling mind you), as you call him, has consistently covered Mayor Wilson in a fair fashion since she entered office. Her lack of understanding of, or her complete unwillingness to, follow city policies, procedures, and LAWS continues to inhibit her ability to govern effectively. Had she not assaulted a city employee, had she not wrongfully fired city employees, had she not hired Elias Technologies to spy on city employees, had she not attempted to circumvent the authority of the Fairhope City Council, among countless other offenses, Chuck E. Cheese would have nothing to cover! Had Obama done any of the same things on a level parallel to that of the Office of the President of the United States, I'm sure you'd be thrilled to have someone like Chuck E. Cheese hot on his trail. Then again, fairness and logic are lost when your tin foil hat is resting tightly on your head. I hope the meds start healing your pain, and maybe your ego, when you start to realize your Mayor Wilson is deserves fair, objective coverage. Chuck E. Cheese is providing that level of coverage. Are you?