---
title: True Truth on ‘Pinocchio Joe’ Faust
date: 2018-10-31 11:50:49
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Apparently, THE REAL TRUTH wrote about and defended Joe Faust’s experience and law making, along with his forte on creating bills for our district. To that,  I say the following to  THE REAL TRUTH;  you know absolutely nothing about what value Joe’s experience has brought or lends to OUR district.

I do know a lot of truth. Some of it relevant, some not. Some of it I will express in this rebuttal, some I will keep quiet about. 
I know a lot of dirt about Joe, but I am trying to be polite, not slander his name with innuendo. 
I understand that perception of the truth can vary, but their are some truths that are just that, undisputable truths.

 I am going to set some things straight as I have know him and have known a few of his friends and relatives throughout the years. Nice folks, by the way.

I have heard a lot around town about him. I have also been asked not to say anything, or do anything to hurt him or his campaign. I will only say what I know and think everyone has a right to know about his record. How’s that?!

Joe does a lot of talking. Joe is easy to influence and control by those who support him, and Joe does exactly what those supporters tell him to do. That can be good for those who contribute to his campaign or do him favors, and bad for those who don’t. Many see it as a sign of weakness, it disappoints me. You can hand out peppermint candy and sit on the front row of your church and that doesn’t make you perfect or even a good person. 

With that being said, my Mom knew him when he was the route milkman. (Pinocchio Joe was never was a manager of Woodhaven Dairy.) He would drive a milk truck for Woodhaven Dairy Fresh and go from house to house, pick up expired milk and deliver the dairy fresh milk and ice cream from his milk truck. It has been said that he would talk to a door even if it wasn’t listening. When my Dad would be off on occasions, Joe would drop in to make his milk delivery and visit, my Dad would always shake his head after he finally left and remark that he never knew how the milk he had just delivered wasn’t expired again before he finished his route.

Joe also left a tidbit out of his resume, his insulation business. Wonder why he left that enterprise out?

Throughtout his work career, he was also an insurance salesman, he had route sales for liberty national and then woodman of the world.
( Pinocchio Joe – don’t think this constitutes being an insurance broker)

( Pinocchio Joe, did you get a degree from Faulkner State or just attend a couple of classes on the GI Bill, you weren’t real specific on that)

Finally, after all his wandering, Joe found his niche in life, politics. He was elected as Baldwin County commissioner normally considered a part time job and paying position; he was supposedly selling insurance at the same time.

 Next, he ran for State Representative against Walter Penry. He defeated Penry who had been in office for almost 20 years. ( Pinocchio Joe said he wouldn’t run again after he served a 2nd term - Joe said he believed in term limits) Joe’s platform, when running against Penry, was that Penry had been in office too long.

Here we are today over 20 plus years later, and our career politician, Good ‘Ol Joe is still in office. He has plenty of time and experience under his belt. He says he loves helping individuals with their needs. If you run into a problem, he picks up his flip phone and gives the proper person a shout on your behalf, sure does! He is more of a liaison for his district than a state representative, because Joe knows who does what and he can put you in touch or introduce you to the right person to help you. He is more of a government level Glorified Walmart Greeter.
He was willing and helped his friend, Randy Davis’ with his plot to make Blue Cross and Blue Shield pay for treatments in a clinic that Randy had ownership in. Joe should have know that was unethical and he participated anyway by having treatments in the clinic for the purpose of giving testimony to how well the treatments worked so they could gather the support of fellow representatives throughout the state and vote in a law forcing the insurance company ( Blue Cross Blue Shield)  to pay for services charged by the diabetes clinics. Folks, these are NOT the kind of laws that we need our experienced representatives attaching their names to. This sounds like a license to write laws that personally benefit the representatives not the constituents. This sounds like all of these guys know the ropes too well and how to make them work for personal game. What they didn’t count on was going against Blue Cross Blue Shield. This powerful company is right up there with RSA &amp; Southern Company in controlling what does and does not happen in this State. Their lobbyists are crawling around the State Capital. Joe and Randy and the rest of the representatives involved in this fiasco did not count on Blue Cross bucking them. It backfired, Joe told what Randy did, Randy was indicted! All of a sudden, Joe is listed in the indictment papers as Representative A, and testifies against his long time friend, Randy Davis. That angers me about him: for not being strong enough to tell Randy that his ploy was no only unethical, but  wrong and by not having enough spine to say that he would have no part of this scheme! On the other hand, seeing that he did choose to go along with Randy, it sickens me that he would turn on Randy and give information against him. I wonder if Randy feels betrayed.

When there were strong rumors of Pittman and Kant taking BP money out ( everyone in town was talking about this problem) and not putting the money back into our community. Why didn’t Joe PUBLICLY challenge these two and request an investigation?
Folks, this is YOUR MONEY AND YOUR DISTRICT. Again, why would Joe have trouble and a not have a clear conscious so that he could stand up and even question the rumors of unethical and questionable activities? Or is it that he is so experienced in trading favors with other career politicians that it becomes a ‘I’ll scratch your back if you’ll scratch mine’ situation. I dare say, this sort of turning your head and ignoring the elephant in the room has become commonplace! 

When the State siphons our tax dollars out of Baldwin County and redistributed them “equally” among all counties for education, why hasn’t Joe coordinated a media campaign and a bill to bring our money or more of it proportionately back to our county? Instead, he says that he is not opposed to gas taxes for education. Yep, let my constituents pay more taxes, they won’t catch on- that is what Joe thinks. 
I, for one, can see through it! I think, after 20 years in office, Joe could have found a way to write a law to keep more of the money we have already paid in our school systems. We have enough trailers sitting in the back of brick and mortar buildings, simply because our brilliant politicians have not forecasted for growth.

Same goes for our roads!

Same theory about our property insurance rates. We see as much damage to property in the northern regions of the state from tornadoes as we do hurricanes in our district. But do tell, who continues to pay the high insurance rates, folks, it is our district. We are still paying for Katrina and Ivan. Joe says he has helped us with this. I for the life of me can not figure out in what way he has helped our insurance rates. My property insurance bill doesn’t reflect his help. I see no laws he has attached himself to or written to change this.

Poor ol’ Pinocchio Joe, he just doesn’t seem capable. He walks around with his cane, he takes photo ops that he puts in his advertisements showing him putting up signs and posing with friends. I doubt if he could dig a hole and put up a sign if his life depended on it. As a matter of fact, I doubt if he ever dug a hole when he was young and capable. Just ask someone who is honest and knew him back in the day. Nice, yes. Loves to visit, yes. Friendly, yes. Hard worker? 
Capable and working to make laws and implement change? I don’t think he understands a thing about it. And that is from looking at his work as a whole. I think he has enjoyed the people of his districts, laughed, found friendships and had a good time on everyone else’s dime, voted in favor of what his friends or contributors have asked him to do. 
But, why should the people of his district continue to pay extra because he has been ineffective? Why is Joe Faust entitled to draw a paycheck on our tax dollars; he isn’t any better than anyone else. I don’t get that much money from the State every year, what I get, I earn by working for it. He certainly shouldn’t be getting a state retirement, salary, Alabama football tickets, and all the other perks that come with this position,  ESPECIALLY, if he has not done a good job for EVERYONE, regardless if they do him favors, or contribute to his campaign.  

Don’t be taken in by his talking to you at one of his mullet frys. Heck, I doubt very seriously if he can even hear and understand a word you are saying. Don’t be charmed by one of his, “ how you, suga’?” pats on the back. All of that talk does not help you one iota! If you did have a problem, I’ll bet he told you to call his office and tell his secretary and she’ll send a letter on his behalf. 

In every picture I see of him lately, he is standing there with his mouth wide open leaning on his cane. And that is not meant to be an insult, or mean because I am respectful of my elders. I respect those who deserve and earn my respect. I look at a person’s track record.

 Why would someone want to continue to be in power knowing full well that they can not do a job to their best ability? Why would someone put their friendship in front of the business at hand? Perhaps Mr. Faust is not looking at this from how he is being seen by most people in his community. They like him as a person but don’t see him as the best person for the job. Perhaps his ego is big, like his talk.

 I hope someone shows this to him, or reads it to him, or maybe prints it out for him to read. I hope it makes him sad. I hope he knows that we aren’t at all fooled by his facade. Some of us know him. 

We should all do him and ourselves a favor and let him pack up and retire with dignity. After all, he is a nice guy, he just doesn’t have a clue and all of the crooks around him know it and he does their bidding. 
There is one thing I do agree with Joe on. He took Joe Siegelman’s campaign slogan, People Over Politics and changed one word, People Over Politics. Yes, Joe Faust, it should be People Over Politics! So when you go in that voting booth, take every line, every office and every candidate, consider THE PERSON over POLITICS, and check the individual who will serve our district the best. In the past couple of decades, the Republican Party  has not  done one thing for our district because in the past 20 or so years, the person in that office hasn’t seen a need to. It has been all talk and everything floating all no on the same course. 

So, there. That IS TRUTH!