---
title: Truth Seeker for Faust District 94
date: 2018-11-05 07:58:10
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 This is in reply to the Lorie Faust, who bravely put her name up on the internet. 
I don’t know if you are aware of it or not, as you might be new to the internet, but the sole purpose is to bash people and hide behind keyboards, tell falsehoods and disparage other people’s names. ANYTHING can be written to make others side with them, make themselves  appear better than they are, or try and convince others that they are right. I am sorry if you got your feelings hurt. Believe me when I tell you you are not the Lone Ranger! 

But while I have you on the line, can you clear up a few questions?
I noticed the following in an AL.com article: 

This. Quoted from Joe Faust District 94 Facebook Page and run in several articles on Al.com and Al. Daily news :

“Campaign Facebook Page
Joe Faust has been serving District 94 since 2002 when he first won the seat. Before that, Faust served six years on the Baldwin County Commission and worked a regional sales manager and supervisor in the retail milk business. He also did some work as an insurance broker.”
 
Is this true? Or am I remembering wrong? 

Joe was my parents milkman. He delivered fresh milk in a Dairy Fresh truck and picked up our expired milk. Why would he want to “paint” himself as a manager and supervisor? If someone else recreated his resume, he had to have read it and approved of what does and does not appear in print. 
Can you clarify? 

He was also an insurance salesman for Liberty National and then for Woodman of the World. I personally never knew him to broker insurance products. 
Can you clarify? 

Also, he had an insulation business somewhere in between all of this- what became of that? 
Can you clarify? 

Can you clarify his employment for the constituents of his district? 

What matters or rather concerns me, is that it appears he has tried to rewrite his resume to impress. 

You brought up the importance of truth and being accountable for what is written on the internet- let’s start with Joe. 

My mother and father never could stand a liar and taught me to NEVER be one. Always tell the TRUTH and you will never have to lie. 

One of my heroes was Ronald Reagan. He said, “ Eventually the truth will always come out.” I believe that. 

I like honesty in a person. Even if it hurts, it is important to ALWAYS tell the truth.

Thanks, Miss Faust. And I know that you will just consider the source that wrote the post about your father. Unfortunately, internet users can post unflattering comments but at the same time it can give the public access to much needed transparency. 

Sign me, Truth Seeker- 
                       
P.S. Since Joe has such a reputable history in the dairy industry he could probably be hired as a state lobbyist for the dairy industry. He would probably make more money.