---
title: Truth Seeker for Faust District 94
date: 2018-11-06 09:37:55
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Thanks for your reply, Miss Faust. As I told you earlier I was sorry your feelings were hurt over the mention of your father. 
And the reason I asked you about Joe and the information he had on his FB page was that it seemed logical that you would have a connection to him. I had seen and heard various people question and heard conversations about information that he put out there about himself. 
 I was simply curious because much of the information was different than what most had remembered. 
Not at all important in the grand scheme of things. 
If someone chooses to flower up or paint themselves with a wider brush to appear smarter or more experienced, it is no skin off of my back. As my grandmother used to say, you can put lipstick on a pig but it is still a pig.
And as far as what your father has or has not done with politicians I can not understand why in the world anyone would say such things? 
 And I do not have a dog in the hunt over whether or not you can or can not develop your family land. The last time I was there for a political breakfast it looked to me like your family had developed that land to the fullest and weren’t  more than a couple of lots left. So much for being anti -development. But that is your land and this is the United States and you can do what you wish with it. 

I’ll leave you with this- because the polls will close today and I have far more important things on my plate than dueling with empty words. 
I wish Mr. Faust the best in his political endeavor today.  If he wants this position, I want him to succeed. But in the future, I hope he will be painfully honest about everything. I would have admired him much more if he had said that he was a milkman and made it a success story. 
If there is a politician or citizen out there that has become greedy or has done underhanded deeds, you don’t have to defend or fight for their innocence. If they haven’t done anything wrong, their conscious should be clear and they have nothing to worry about. On the other hand, if they have, the truth eventually comes out. 
And I am not writing about the truth that some people write and make up behind their keyboards about others. No, there is still truth that is realized from documents and history and records. You can not rewrite history and you can not undo misdeeds and you can not undo the hurt caused by greed. 
In the end, be careful what you tell as the truth, make sure it is the truth and not your truth. Make sure you are kind to everyone even if you disagree with them. 
Check your motivation for why you have your opinion; ask yourself, am I motivated for approval, for the hope of material things, or the promise or thought that you might somehow benefit. Always be willing and strong enough to stand up and say and do the right thing, even if you risk being hurt financially or separating yourself from the rest of the sheep, because if you don’t- you are culpable. 
Thanks, signing off for good and wishing Mr Faust the best!