---
title: Daphneoracle
date: 2017-07-22 06:15:25
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Dear Goobers,

Did you sign up to run for City Council to make Fairhope a better place, or just to line your pockets with the help of the former mayor?

The answer to this question will decide your immediate fate.

Did you ever anticipate Paul Ripp's ability to expose your wicked ways here, in the court of public opinion? 

Truth hurts.

Do you know Paul Ripp has been sued multiple times and has an undefeated record in various Baldwin County courts?

Batting a .1000 boyz...

Did each of you know (this includes you Jay "Twinkletoes" Robinson and you Jimmy "sticky fingers" Conyers (banker)) that Paul Ripp has a string of regular informants inside the city, inside the courts, at the surviving newspapers, etc?
 
Did each of you know Ripp has been speaking for months to multiple federal, state and paid private investigators about each of you, your extensive backgrounds, your business and personal interests, hobbies and habits, misdeeds, etc.?

The dossier is thick--and juicy...and unpublished.

Are you boyz ready for war?
Ripp is.

And the competitive advantage is his.

Enjoy fighting uphill. Ripp has the moral high ground. 

Strike fast...strike hard fans...prepare yourselves for total destruction.

Remember each of you individuals chose this path to serve your own interests. This is the path you chose.  

Also, you may want to put a leash on Robert.
He obviously knows nothing of cyber sleuthing, Internet Service Providers and 
real flesh informants.

Forewarned is forearmed boyz. Ripp is like the sun. He keeps coming back.
He won't stop until he has you in shackles--where you legally belong.