---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2019-07-19 20:43:11
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 On the contrary, I find The Ripp Report very illuminating.  There is no independent journalism in this area; we have Gulf Coast News Today aka the 'Burrell Blog'  that publishes random opinion pieces in support of Jack Burrell's bullying tactics while simultaneously
 slinging mud at the Mayor on a regular basis ( and has less credibility than Jack himself).    Al.com &amp; Lagniappe both are great and cover both sides of issues but, unfortunately,  have bigger fish to fry than Fairhope.  And we have TRR which dedicates its content to educating residents about the issues that the City Council prefers to keep in its closet.    Particularly for those of us who were not here to experience the debacle of the City 'purchasing' the triangle property, etc,   we are fortunate to be able to read the facts and get a bead on the recent  (25 year) history of the City.  I understand that many who were in former City administrations find it very embarrassing to have disclosures in the press explaining that the utility funds were not used for utility infrastructure, etc (SO many 'faux pas' in the past), but we taxpayers are grateful to Mr. Ripp for his tenacity and his links to help us put the facts together.  To FHPirate72, you have probably lived here for decades and know all of this first hand so it's 'old news' to you.  Perhaps you can provide more input on some of these debacles that have cost so much to the city.  An informed electorate is better able to make decisions at election time.   As a side note, I applaud Mayor Wilson for her determination to allow the sun to shine on the City's issues, finances and solutions.