---
title: Why screw yourselves???
date: 2017-11-08 23:26:34
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Paul Ripp, I think you and Josh Moon, so called Alabama reporter have actually lost your F Ing Minds. Hell, for years I have stuck up for you, spoken up for you and actually got in heated battles trying to prove your intentions. I can tell you that I have never been more disappointed in you than I have ever been with anyone that I can think of in all my life. Piss on you and all the rest of your SATAN loving clan that continues to knock Roy Moore. Did Jones drop a load of cash in yall’s  pocket or what?  Stick to the crap you guys know and that is even starting to stink up my computer. Neither you or Josh Moon can tell anyone of us why Doug Jones is so much more creditable than Roy Moore. Shut the hell up all you hypocritical son of bitches!!!!! I’ll challenge you and your good for nothing stupid assholes that really don’t have anything to write about this week to a debate on what and who both candidates truly represent. You jerks are making Jack Burrell look like a damn Saint who has never even talked down to anyone and is truly a smart person. Screw yiu assholes for damning Moore regarding things that all of you don’t know shit about. Roy Moore is a real man and would love to see him whip all your asses at a county fair. I’ll jump in a knock some sense into you all. Be fair. Not a jerkofff with a shirty ass blog that has been going down hill for sometime now. Jesus Christ himself would never lie and talk trash like you pricks have doing for several weeks now. I can promise everyone that reads this. None of y’all are one bit better of a man for throwing shit against a wall and trying to make it stick. You al can go straight to hell!!!!  Or!!!! Stop this crap and go back to facts and helping people understand more clearly about things. You don’t even know Doug Jones!!!!!! Pathetic!!!!!!  Am I pissed off? How can you tell. You jackasses have let us down mostly by plagerizing and reading what other people think about Doug Jones or Roy Moore, y’all forgot to do your own homework. I could have written this whole blog in 5 minutes using all the dumbass opinions of others. DUN with y’all for a while!!!! Very disappointment!!!!!!!!!!!