---
title: Wendy Webb Solomon
date: 2017-06-01 01:44:26
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 "Be brave enough to start a conversation that matters".  
Obviously, Fairhope matters to all of us that live here. 
I would love to see a better infrastructure.
 I would love to see smaller classrooms. 
I would love to see a performing arts theatre.
 I would love to see a renovated baseball park. 
I would love to see a Fairhope Marina. 
I would love to see a beautiful beach.
 I would love to see the pier with more activities. I would love to see knoll park renovated.
I would love to see all city departments under one roof. 
I would love to see something fantastic on the Dyas triangle. 
I would love a permanent outdoor amphitheater right on the bluff. 
I would love to see our environment be treated fairly. 
I would love to see district representatives on our future council. 
I would love to see more diversity. 
I would love to see neighborhood liaisons to meet with the council, Mayor, department heads. 
i would love to see fairness.
I would love to see more annexation to hep fund our police force.
I would love to see a commercial industry adding revenue to our city. 
I would love to see the city buildings updated and painted a coastal color. 
That is my vision. I'm just one citizen.  The vision of the city can not be one set of eyes. It takes a COMMUNITY. It takes everyone looking at problems,finding solutions and building upon the things we love that is here.  
Ask the citizens ....... What is your Vision? 
Have a Vision Board for the city on Facebook 
Let the citizens  post what they would want to see......( positive progression). 
 Then it would be great if the council, the mayor, the department heads and board representatives implement a plan on how to get to the FAIR  HOPE we all want to see.