---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-06-01 16:27:27
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 So what the mayor is saying is "the farmers, the paper mill, and shipyard worker, and many others" they are the one's that built the city. Now, one could not argue that it is the middle-class workers that made the area a nice place to live and raise a family.  

However, most of them have sold their land for a handsome profit, they sold their $50,000 homes for $300,000, and most of these hard workers have made money too. While they may not be in power they are the GOBs and let us not feel sorry for them because they made money. AND they have that right!

All of us that are from around her are good ole boys or girls! That seems to be a nasty word to some.

Now, the one's that are the real problem is all the carpetbaggers that move down here from the north. They are rude, think they understand what is best for all of us than we do ourselves, they are outspoken and quite frankly a misery to be around. They sold their rat infested houses up north for a song and realize that our prices were cheap. They educated their children up there, paid the taxes there, made a huge salary there, and when they come down here, they want to close the door behind them and change us.

This mayor wants to bring in more carpetbagger like this, those that could care less about families, they will consume the cities resources and add very little. The families that want to move here are looking for a place to raise their children, they want to become part of the community, therefore, there must be affordable housing. Many of these young families do not want to live on a golf course, they simply want to live life and enjoy Fairhope, not change it. 

The mayor seems to have forgotten her roots, she seems to have forgotten that families need houses that do not cost $500,000 - $1,000,000. They need these new developments as a way to get started in life, they need a place they can afford. She has forgotten about the house she was raised in, the pier she was able to enjoy. She only sees what she chooses to see. 

If this mayor gets her way, she will make this city a slave to those carpetbaggers that like to use our facilities, then complain about our way of life and she will stop the housing that younger families can afford. She wants this city to look like uptown New Orleans, she wants this modern city, not the quaint city Fairhope is. She is the one that wants to change this city for the worse, not the council. 

The mayor likes the downtown living, she lives downtown herself, she acts like she was not born and raised here in the South, she does like the fact she is from Alabama. She wants to change the city to this cosmos of something it is not.

There was a time in this city when folks would let you out when trying to enter the road or let someone go before you parked your car. Today, when you let someone go before you park your car they will take your parking spot. 

One must ask this question, when you were starting out in life, did you live in an apartment? Or were you able to purchase a starter home? Or did you live in a downtown flat that is 6,000 sq ft? Or a house that cost $500,000 or more? Yeah, Fairhope was a place where families came first, the church was important to us, the flag was respected, and the elders in the community were held in high regard and respected. I see those values disappearing each day, a person without faith is a person that needs to examine their inter-self. 

Yeah, this mayor is trying to forget her real roots, and appears she is now trying to make us all try and forget our roots! I am grateful for the council, the previous councils, the previous mayors and even this misguided mayor! But day by day, this mayor is making me begin to hate what Fairhope has become to stand for.