---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-10-04 21:49:36
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 True and very sad, but Fairhope voters don't seem to care how stupid they look and how much corruption they fund.   Look at this once beautiful city......sewage in the Bay constantly,  but the voters prefer to turn the other way because they are frightened of appearing as the complete morons that they are; they want to pretend that their (formerly) amazing waterfront estates are still worth something when, in reality, they are toxic.  They can't even allow their children/grandchildren to jump off of their wharves because the result may be death.  However, they feel it cumbersome to even pose a question or lodge a complaint.  They prefer to 'focus on the flowers', as if that could remove the stench from the air lately. 

Kant's too long tenure as Mayor almost destroyed a beautiful city/community.  Everyone should be grateful to Mayor Wilson for bringing the sewage into the sunlight.......let the chips fall where they may.  Jack Burrell needs to do his job......by the way, isn't it time for another Council Member to assume the Presidency?  IMHO, Burrell is too busy trying to cover his butt to do his job at even the lowest level.  He is a sewer rat (cheesy lying smile).

I, for one, would like to not see my home value crash nor my sewer back up onto Fels Avenue.    Wilson has made mistakes but there is no doubt that she is trying to do the best thing for Fairhope and Mobile Bay.  

Everyone in South Alabama needs to step up for our city and Mayor Wilson.......she is not perfect (are you?), but she cares about our city and our Bay.