---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2018-01-14 20:28:42
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I feel sorry for the bar/restaurant owners and employees b/c they are the ones that are being burned on this issue.  During events such as parades, Art Walks, etc, most of the downtown merchants serve free beer and wine within their properties; those of us who don't drink either beer or wine would love to be able to purchase a cocktail from a downtown merchant and congregate with our friends.  Many people bring their own drinks from home.  I have asked the bartenders at the Book Bar (Page &amp; Pallettes bar) several times to let me buy a drink to take outside on the sidewalk and they have been adamant that a drink cannot leave their premises.  I believe that this does a dis-service to our merchants, particularly if the Council rules that were proposed are enforced.  To keep the tiny downtown area restricted to one hour prior and one hour post (with perhaps increased police patrol after) may solve the problem for everyone.  Could the Council possibly approve it for a 3 month period with the caveat that it dies without another vote at the end of that time?  
I am totally against the 24/7 Entertainment District and I am totally against taking it down to the Pier or parks. Just let those business owners downtown operate w/o having to hire guards at the doors to keep people from taking their drinks outside when the bartender is too busy to watch over every patron.

I hope that the Council will revisit the issue (with the strict controls) when Robert Brown is back....sad that they did not delay the vote when they knew that he was an up vote........unless this is another Council puzzle.