---
title: Anonymous
date: 2018-02-16 07:12:23
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I hope that comment at 2:33 am was not throwing shame on my facts of showing leadership. The Mayor has learned a lot but still needs to act like a winner and if it’s so much to put up with?  Get the hell out of dodge. I’m one of those volunteers who have put hundreds of hours fighting, texting, emailing, Meeting and even observing who can help and who can get out of the way. Not sure if possibly being in the sauce at 2:33 am and trying to make a point will have people jumping in your side. Let’s help the Mayor and stand beside her. This is a political nightmare for her. But she has to learn how to handle it better especially when a great windfall blows her way. Making comments about a pitty party at 2:30 in the morning while possibly in the sauce or not makes no sense in the fight we all are trying to win and that is get rid of this Council, support the Mayor at all cost and make Fairhope great again. It’s been over a year now. Everyone needs to grow up. If you have to still bitch and moan how the Mayor is taking heat.  Then it might be time to do something else. Take the high road!!!! We can support her 100%, but she has to answer for her mistakes just like anyone else. She’s learning. But could step it up a notch. Be glad to compare time and sweat with you  trying to help her. Cut the 2:33 am stuff out.  It makes it seem like it’s the Mayor herself. We still have a lot of work to do. So let’s get on the same page even if it means commenting during normal hours no matter what time you go to bed or if you are working the midnight shift.  Wait for a normal time. Don’t give them anymore ammunition than they already have to work with. Thank you for hopefully understanding. Let’s get to it!