---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-06-21 20:10:36
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I sincerely hope that there is some way that our City Council will kill the Fly Creek Apartments.  Here are the facts as I see them (and I am sure you will point out where I am incorrect):

1)  No one wants more Fly Creek development b/c of the obvious damage to the environment.
2) Only Corte and the out of state developers are in favor b/c of the money involved. 
3) There are too many apartments in the area already, in part because of the still unrented Colonnade apartments mentioned in this article. They are only a couple of miles away from Fairhope and they remain unrented after almost a year.
4) The schools and roads are already overcrowded and under-funded.
5) Fairhope's population has been adamant that we don't want to lure transients. There are hundreds of homes for rent and available to purchase for less than the rents discussed.
6) Jack Burrell campaigned on his promise that he voted against the apartments the first time' why has he changed his mind?
7) Kevin Boone should recuse himself b/c of his ties to the parties involved in Fly Creek.
8) Robert Brown should recuse himself b/c of his recently admitted admiration for Mr. Corte.
He failed to mention this dedication when he was running for city council.
9) Our Mayor campaigned and won mainly because of her promise to do her best to get rid of the apartment plan and maintain the integrity of the city.  It is time for her to go to the Council and make a deal that she will clean up her administration in exchange for the Council doing the right thing for the city.  They will all be losing some 'friends' over it, but they will one day be proud of not destroying this wonderful city.
10) If the Council does nothing other than ram this apartment deal through against such massive opposition and in seven years (or less) this becomes Section 8 housing (because by then the investors have made their money and moved on), we will still remember the names of the men who dealt Fairhope a death blow.
Please Please speak to the Councilmen if you know them.  I have sent emails about this and never received replies, so it is clear that the Council Members do not care about those other than their personal friends.