---
title: Get up and Vote
date: 2018-06-13 17:32:52
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Well, the Catalyst certainly done well just by the fact that there are so many people that want to bitch and moan about problems, but not take the responsibility of a birth right and go and vote to make a difference. Baldwin County certainly has it’s share of absolutely TERRIBLE County Commissioners and the ones who survived thus far were elected because of the stupidity of those who choose to sit on their asses and not make a difference. That exactly what CATALYST stands for. So, let’s get it together and get rid of Tucker Dorsey, Michael Thomason and especially Mr. DUI and lying Chris Elliott. I have faith that people want to make a difference and you people have one more chance to do just that. So write July 17th on your calendar and make it YOUR DAY to do just that. Change the nasty ways that Baldwin County is being represented. If you are 18, 28, 38, etc or whatever age you are. It’s time to cast a vote AGAINST Dorsey, Elliott and Thomason. I can promise you that you will fell great afterwards. It’s the decent thing to do is show that you love BALDWIN County and vote for Billie Jo Underwood, David Northcutt and Christy Olinger Edwards and then we will finally vote out the worthless Judge Thomason after we defeat her this time. This is your County. This is your Chance to take some positive action and go vote to start curbing the crap that we have had to deal with for a very long time. Michelle Thomason, you don’t have enough morals to Judge a cockroach. I’ve been in your courtroom and witnessed your pathetic ruling to punish good people for no reason. That’s FRAUD!!!! Tucker Dorsey, you have lied (also the victims that were illegally fired and their families, do not forget) and been such a poor example of helping Baldwin County by helping to ruin it and probably the worse hypocrite in any of the races whatsoever and Chris Elliott, I know you continue to drink and drive and we are fed up with your DUI and you lies. You do a piss poor job representing you and you own  family much less the County. You all have to go. People. Go vote. Make a difference!!!!  You know these are all facts. Get moving!!!!