---
title: Can you read Pervert?
date: 2017-10-26 00:25:25
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Anonymous who said that you didn't bash Paul Ripp when you in fact you said in print, you are bashing him. You are an idiot and also illiterate!  If anyone on this site doesn't read another thing in their life again. They need to read where this anonymous prick says and I quote "Paul, I'm trying to bash you but this is the truth-it is what it is." Unquote!!! You bash him in a written comment and now you say you didn't. Have another drink? Not if you are driving. You have had plenty either way. You are a disgrace to anyone especially to those of us who are educated or can at least read or remember what we wrote a few hours ago and if you couldn't remember, you could actually pull it back up and read what you wrote as I hope everyone else does the same. You are a menace and a sorry ass person who just wants to troll this site so that you can get off. Pull up you pants and move on to another site you freaking pervert. You make us all sick!!!  Go get off with Burrell or Boone or Jester. All of you are the same kind of person. Sick!!!!!  The only useful thing you are good for is entertaining us during the extra innings of Game 2 of the World Series. Thank God that you and your pervert self was not where we were. You  should go bash your head against something. Then you might finally realize when you actually are bashing someone or something. Go troll somewhere else where and lie while you type.