---
title: Old Fairhope
date: 2018-01-10 17:01:17
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Cliff McCollum, managing editor of Gulf Coast News, doesn't even live in Fairhope. His bias has many wondering if someone may be "paying his mortgage" to push an obvious agenda against those this Council, particularly the President, obviously despise and seek to destroy. Using media is a good way, if price is right, anyway....Long gone are the days when real journalists such as Mike Odom, a genuinely decent guy, not only investigated, but wrote and published in depth, fact based, non biased detailed articles for our local Courier, which of course the politicians despised. Unfortunately, after he and his family were threatened for his "exposing dirty laundry", he was pretty much run out of town....Mike also possesses a law degree and now teaches at a local University. Wish he'd start his own news outlet, I'd certainly help collecting data and research...Courier office has closed, Cliffy has taken his place and not certain the new owners would approve of what's going on with such hatred and bias in print from a so called "journalist". Contacting his publisher, Parks Rogers, is useless. Maybe his mortgage being paid, too? Have sent correspondence along with a number of Cliffy's incorrect and slanted articles to the new (purchased in 2014) publishers, OPC News out of South Carolina. They purchased the papers due to people in this area actually wanting to read papers,  not something in print on a cell phone or tablet...Their investment may take a dive if this bias and inaccurate reporting continues. Awaiting response or some action, if nothing else.