---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-05-21 23:26:41
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Don't be surprised as things progress that more people  are showing concern and taking notes on who is backing any candidate. We are seeing unions, insurance companies, religious groups, corporations, large donors, etc getting punished for just those selfish reasons and ALL of us are learning at a rapid speed who these selfless companies and individuals are. As a group of Fairhope citizens. We have FINALLY come together! Forget the drama. This is also being shown throughout the County and the State as Alabamaians are tired of being treated as ignorant people. We are not!!! It is important to know that the wannabes and the ones wanting to climb the social latter will soon be turning around to see themselves as the ones who are failing in business and dropping socially too!  It's finally a new and a great time.  Anyone who might idolize (can't even imagine anyone doing that) Trip Pittman will find themselves himself wondering what happened!  He's aweful. There was also a huge drop in anyone wanting to get in a car with Mr. DUI himself, Baldwin County Commissioner Chris Elliott as the driver. Told so many lies trying to avoid the truth. I can see why he was drinking. Ask yourself. What other things have these candidates done without being caught. We are proud to see all the different  people (no matter what party) of the State of Alabama wake up and show that we are not as ignorant as some of these politicians think we are. Hang in there. It's been a long time coming and it is already showing.