---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-05-22 15:46:31
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Open letter.

In the mayor facebook page, she speaks of people thinking she in naive. Then she talks about the truth, and if she thinks the truth is what a lawsuit is about then she is naive. A lawsuit is about shocking someone conscious, bring them into reality. If the mayor thinks the truth is going to come out, she is really naive - lady justice wears a blindfold but she peaks - if this going to a jury! 

The mayor needs to understand that being a 'CEO' is not what she thought it was going to be. It is about mindfully, she needs to look around and understand the situation before she acts. You don't always get to do what you want even of it is the right thing to do, and you have to learn to work around situations, like bypassing a small problem to avoid a major one.

Those not in her chair can tell all day what she did was right, they can tell her they support her 100%, but in the end, it is not them that is getting sued, nor is it them that has all the stress. Folks can encourage her to fire this one fire that one, make changes here over there, but in the end, it is she that gets sued. 

Please, Mayor Wilson, find some advisors that do not have a dog in this fight, someone that has ZERO political agenda, someone that she may not know well but someone that she can sign a confidential agreement with and get some good advice! Stop listing to your friends and family, friends and family do not mix well in business. 

The mayor needs to understand that she can be sued individually as well the city. What happens if the insurance company decides not to defend because it is an alleged assault charge?