---
title: Ronald L. Davis
date: 2018-10-31 03:11:00
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 One has to take offense to Robert Brown "from out hometown." He got a $600,000 construction contract from the arts center...as a sitting city councilman. How terrible for Fairhope that this is accepted. I cannot for the life of me figure how this mentality is accepted in a city that is supposed to be progressive and smart. The fact of the matter is that we pump untreated sewage in the bay and have for over three decades. Think about that. Everyone talks about Fairhope and how beautiful it is but no one eats the jubilee bounty! FACT. When was the last time you enjoyed shellfish from the bay? Trip Pittman dropped thousands of anchors in the bay and cuts the  ropes and the media fawns over him like a prince upon his exit from politics. He is a lousy theif.  Plain and simple.  Robert Brown, Trip Pittman and Jack Burrell all attend the same bi-weekly prayer breakfast. This is where they pray and then plot to steal your taxes. I am worried about baldwin county. The growth is not smart and we have not invested in our schools, our infrastructure, roads, etc. We are in catch up mode and far behind. 
I will be voting for the new government. I think at this time it is needed. It hopefully encourage more women to get involved. They are more civic minded and not on the council to steal money and get rich like the current crop. I must say the banker and the lawyer seem trapped. It looks like they got into something they had no idea was so crooked. Brown, Burrell and Boone are in it for the deals. Airport is a shady deal for the citizens. The deed should sit with the city not the airport authority. Seems like the airport  is now captive of a band of catalysts. I am much older now but I want to see Fairhope remain a good place to live. I am afraid this class of leadership on the council should be dismissed and the slate cleaned for a new round in 2020.

Korean War Vet
Fairhope