---
title: For Real
date: 2021-02-17 20:15:21
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Well since you mentioned the Impeachment in your blog. You know the last thing (of course I wasn’t shocked) that expected to hear from the Democrats during the senate   impeachment  trial is the word racist or racism. Wow!  Can all you f***ing Democrats and liberals, (same thing) do anything at all without bringing up the RACE CARD!!  It’s almost like y’all depend on it as oxygen. Shit!! For the Democrat female who paraded in front of all the senators during the trial actually called the defense out for being, wait for it, RACIST!  Since but seems that none of the black politicians including Kamala Harris had to say shitty things and incite violence themselves this demo/liberal black woman has no choice other than to pull out and deal the only card she actually had the intelligence to use, “the race card”. Damn, I agree that Trump was harnessed to no end and went off the deep end and certainly had a lot to do with the Capitol violence but dammit, the race card, really. I guess that you can tell, any small amount of racism that has been left over in me keeps getting another coat of racism not from people who are racist but the black and white demo/liberals that remind me why maybe I should have tried to live a better life and understand racism more than the racist way that I might have been brought up in....as long as there are Democrats and liberals in this world I promise you there will be racism. They wouldn’t any  F***ing thing to do if there if all of a sudden racism was suddenly cured. Yes y’all are correct, I’ve had my limit of people telling us we are racist not matter what is going on.