---
title: Clint Chisom
date: 2018-03-16 06:14:49
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I moved to Fairhope in 2005. My wife and I retired here from Philadelphia. Had heard so much about Fairhope and how it was a great place to spend our golden years. Thirteen years later I have a story to tell. I watched Tim Kant run the place like his own piggy bank. I saw him help his friends and ignore the people in town. I saw Fairhope grow irresponsibly and change.  I too believe that the Mayor has tried to fight Kant's people on the council, but she can only do so much when she is fighting for the people who elected her and not for her pocketbook like the five people on the council. Notice I don't call them "men."

So after the town has completely changed in population, development and traffic (for the bad) I heard tonight Kant wants to run again and is planning his return. This is chilliatng. If Fairhope goes back to Kant after what he did to the town (with the help of this council) then it will be dead. The sewage and grinder pump problem is proof Kant cares not about the people or the town. I feel sorry for the "fake Christians" who fool the "good dumb Christians" who believe that just because you go to church makes you a "good man." The people on the council are not good men because they go to church. They are "bad" because they go to church to mask their true selves.

Fairhope did vote  overwhelmingly for Roy Moore. This is a stupidity problem. And I don't know if that can be fixed in two years. The next election determines Fairhope's fate. If Kant gets back in it is over for good.