---
title: Humans are free
date: 2017-10-12 13:52:44
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 We citizens have been fooled one too many times...we elect folks that we believe will represent us...with a pure heart. We MUST NOW TAKE ANY AND ALL BLINDERS OFF! There is simply not one person on our city council that has our interest at heart...except our Mayor! And she is destroyed and choked out at every turn. ( Boy, do they have alot to hide to behave publicly they way they do. They will go to any lengths not to let information be heard, but I believe they know they are loosing their chokehold and are terrified of the consequences.) 
We must verbally and forcefully stand up for Karin..now and at every opportunity we have in the future. And, there must be a way, in our bylaws, to have new elections for council members! We need to explore a legal and meaningful way to remove the parisitic slime balls and sycophants on our council! A citizen petition? A town hall meeting...not part of council meetings..all invited.. To have citizens in a think tank type environment to figure out how to get rid of them now.. Or simply attend meetings and speak loudly and over Jack..constantly..telling the truth, asking questions.. Thwart him everytime he opens his mouth. We may be arrested...GOOD! We just keep going back..getting more press..exposing them. What, are they going to arrest an entire room?? Hahahah...GOOD again! We have nothing to fear..but our cowardice in overcoming all of this. And if a Fairhope police officer commits this tragedy in front of all to see...then he or she is bought and paid for too. As for our pitiful incestuous city attorney..he MUST go as well..as soon as possible. He is part of the problem and always has been.