---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-09-15 18:06:47
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Anyone with a lick of sense can see that what you've said is true.  It's like the Council has a little in-private meeting together before every work session and council meeting to plan strategy and decide who says what.  Another perfect example was the Mayor's suggestion to use Winterland for the Christmas lights.  It not only saves the City money but frees up our utility department to work on more important things.  So naturally, the Council begins trying their best to take it down...with the most ludicrous of objections. Maybe they should just let local folks outside the utility department climb up in bucket trucks and do a crappy job stringing lights.  Liability, anyone?  But you know, give our people a chance.  After all, Winterland is from out-of-state and they might do a partial job or a bad job and then disappear (like the Mayor found these folks on craigslist or something instead of researching them). And on and on.  I was watching these men scrabble about trying to find any reason they could to throw out the Mayor's idea - for no other reason than because it was hers.  Save the City money?  Inconsequential!  They looked like fools.

It will be like this the entire time Mayor Wilson is in office.  You would think that if these morons really love the city they make decisions for they'd WANT to work with her instead of against her at every turn.  I swear, hell hath no fury like men scorned.