---
title: Sandy Ford
date: 2017-09-16 05:46:31
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I do not see Jack backing down. The council somehow is spellbound by him. Why? These are not smart or nice people guys and gals. I just recently realized how corrupt Fairhope actually is. A complete purge is needed of the council. Ripp got Kant out of office because he got the Sec. of State to come down and ensure a fair election. This happened because poll watchers told a story of tampering. This needs to happen the next time to again ensure fairness. That was the first fair election in fairhope in decades--if ever. Nix and Kant rigged them from many local accounts and testimonies. 

If the next municipal election is legitimate, and the people who care about the city and their property values and way of life go vote--then we will have a new majority--and a true fair hope for success!!! This will happen.

I am too old to run for office. I do see why most want to avoid Jack Burrell. He is a mean spirited man and disrespectful. No one wants to deal with him. He is vexatious and cruel. It will take a strong moral individual to take Jack on. But, I do think he is in trouble for his comments in public and his actions at the airport and how he fights free speech to cover up his shenanigans. Jack acts like someone who has much to hide. I think he all women see this. Whether or not enough men in town dig his dog and pony act is the telling factor.

There is so much new development going up right now it looks like Fairhope is already on a slippery slope. The traffic congestion concerns are real now. More cars on the roads mean longer wait times and as daphne continues its unprecedented building spree it piles more minutes onto our commute time to the interstate ten. The moratorium is in effect but it may be too little too late. I see construction everywhere!

The sewerage problem has persisted for so long I wonder if most realize that this has been a can kicked down the dirt road for so long it's not even funny. Talk to the city engineers with tenure. It's not just the plant. It's too small. Yes. But the infrastructure is old and in many cases, not up to snuff. We need generators in the event of power loss. We ain't got em. This is bad. In a catastrophe situation like a hurricane it could be a huge problem. The material would be stuck and would back up and cause a really nasty health problem. This already could have happened with bad luck. Fairhope has dodged the bullet in this regard.

We need probably $30 million or more in sewerage system upgrades. We routinely dump raw sewage in the bay. Sadly this is accepted in our town. Think of that. It makes my stomach turn and this is the legacy we leave Baldwin County. Our children and grand kids deserve so much better. We have been lied to for so long. Case after case of ecoli and other bacterial infections...related to untreated sewage...do not motivate our politicians to do right by us.

Thirteen million spent on the recent sewer upgrade was just a teaser. Get out the lube. The big one is coming. And you better believe the council is going to want to decide who does the work.

The kickback is just too big this time. The fab five is all in.

Mr. Ripp is a fine man for maintaining this blog. We should use technology like this to make fairhope better. If Fairhope is worth fighting for then sign up for the fight dammit!

Sandy
US NAVY, retired