---
title: For real
date: 2020-11-27 23:50:09
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I wish I could say that I was surprised!  All you dumb asses who say that the covid is nothing to take seriously I would only have to say that the way most people voted in our election are just plain stupid. I guess it’s just a hoax!  It’s a insult to say this while at the same time my Doctor’s office will take precautions to make sure that those who have symptoms are handled in a most serious manner. I guess you all are saying that all of our Doctors, Dentists and other health professionals are just plain stupid and that there is no covid 19. Damn sure have a lot of stupid ass people here in Fairhope. Mayor Sullivan certainly has shown us that we will continue to be a bunch of stupid  citizens that has shown the rest of the World that we don’t have a lick of sense. Thanks Mayor, you have shown us that you and Jack Burrell are one of the same. You think you are Gods and that everyone here cannot contract COVID-19!  Wow! How lucky we are to have y’all as leaders and that you both will guarantee us safety from the virus. Mayor, you can’t be in the position you are in and just expect or hope people will follow guidelines. You need to set an example and LEAD!!!!  You may be Jack’s bitch, but you still need to look out for the safety and well being of our citizens no matter who you might want to impress or by trying to be the big dog. Covid or no covid, try leading instead of having you nose up Jack’s ass for a change. You might be able to lay your head on your pillow and for once you might feel proud of yourself by saying “I’ve done a good job and helped people stay safe”.  So much for 2020. Do something good and make 2021. Time for you to take a stand against the Assholes in this city and do what’s right. How will the rest of the world as well as our own children judge you after this?