---
title: Old Timer
date: 2017-07-27 14:44:41
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Truth Teller.  I really don't care who you are or the anonymous one, two three or whatever name people use. Jester's and other poster's comments could certainly be said in a more civil and mature manner. I would guess you two are both made out of the same mold? However I don't know that's a fact.  That's why I said "I guess" you seem to support his pathetic verbal abuse. That's is a fact!  I like to read both sides of these post without having to read crap. Everyone calm down and use nice words if that is possible?  Tired of the cursing and bad grammar, accusations, misspelling and all the fussing and the madness that is getting to people. Most of it is because they are too afraid to say something to someone's face and hide behind some fake handle or anonymous.  But I can see why some of you wouldn't dare put your actual name on your post. Lived long enough to know that some of these people would be scared to leave their own homes if they did attach their actual names. I can actually can feel people's blood pressure rise and hear the spit hitting the screen as some of you are screaming and shouting while posting. I've been here for 62 years and I have always thought Fairhope was civil. Why all the name calling and threats. These posts certainly has shown me what terrible people there are in this area!  Please stop it! This is not setting a good example for our kids. They all know how to get online and watch the council meetings and see these posts. Please stop!  Don't be surprised when someone emails you after a post. There are so many tools out there to track your post to your cell or your computer. At least that's what I've been told. Wouldn't want to be anyone of you who have gone insane over posting! Grow up!  Please!  I'll keep reading. I just wanted to post one time to let all the people in this town and especially on this post just how crazy some of you have gotten. Be respectful to one another. If someone uses Old Timer to post anything else. I can assure you it won't be from this old timer. You and Jester are not God sent messengers. Stop acting like you both know the Truth about everything. File a complaint and copy several people on it. If you have facts. Use them legally and not immorally!