---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-10-19 23:00:04
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I do not see proof of corruption at the level which some of you think there is. That is not to say that there have been numerous poor and wasteful decisions made by Fairhope pols. The soccer fields stand out as a million dollar facility that somehow cost over six million. The airport was a failed attempt at real estate development and I certainly dislike spending so much for something only a few use.
Mr Kant had people on the payroll who should not have been paid so much. The Mayor and Council spent utility money which should have gone to maintenance. Many of these mistakes are the fault of the previous council and mayor. ( I forgot the Fly Creek fiasco)
I do think we are largely on the right track now. I think the new mayor, warts and all, is generally getting things done. The Council could use tweaking with Boone and Burrell paying for their past "sins" and maybe replacing Brown with someone who is NOT a Corte follower. I give the other two a pass. Unfortunately I haven't met enough people(3) who are electable and capable to replace the 3 Bs. Maybe they are out there. If you replace one of them the dynamic would change some and two would give you a whole new ballgame.


The other thing is that we are not getting anywhere  complaining about water over the dam. We have a lot of utility maintenance past due. (see poop in bay) and our officials need to spend every possible dime dealing with it. Again, I am not saying everything has been on the up and up, but I do think there has been little malfeasance. Our problems seem to come when the government tries to do too much and spends money on non essential stuff.

Finally, I think we do not address the selfishness and greed of some of our developers. They should be called out and shamed.  We could use a developer who cared about the community's quality of life.