---
title: WOW
date: 2018-06-08 18:44:45
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 The Way Cheif has Pettis was played by Jack Burrell was actually one of the most embarrassing events that I have witness. First of all, way before the Mayor wrote the letter announcing Cheif Pettis’s retirement. Chief Pettis has already driven all the way to Montgomery and submitted his retirement papers. Second, Cheif Pettis made a fool of himself and all the black folks in the area as he was always treated like a damn cotton picker by The very asshole himself, Jack Burrell. The majority of the black folks and many of the white folks in Faihope are ashamed for Cheif Pettis not only looking like he was played and fooled, but also setting the racial error backwards. Jack Burrell would. It have done this to a White Man and a White Man wouldn’t have let Jack Burrell treat him the way he did and totally showed everyone at the meeting that the Cheif was just “HIS BOY”. You don’t treat people like Jack Burrell has treated the Cheif and as the Cheif, you don’t let any man treat you the way Burrell treated him. If you cannot see the pathetic actions on the part of Cheif, Jack Burrell, the City Council and the sorry ass ex employees was nothing short of setting up the Chief all just to blame the Mayor. Then you don’t have the f&amp;$&amp;ing sense to know just how stupid you really are. Dammit people. These worthless, pathetic and sorry ass people need to be harshly delt with severe penalties. Cheif Pettis, you put yourself and your People, years behind for a stupid ass White Man we call Jackass Burrell for what. I used to admire you, but I don’t care if you have served 36 years or 36 months. You don’t have the sense to stand for us and especially yourself. Wish you the best. But what shame you have brought to yourself and to your family as well as other people who will never think the same about you. Good luck!!!