---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2018-06-08 20:53:26
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Agreed. Burrell set Pettus up to make Burrell appear to be a hero. The ever benevolent Burrell saved the poor pitiful ( bullied by a little girl, no less) Police Chief who was in tears because of his 'mistreatment' by the Mayor. What a show!  I noticed while watching that no one other than Karin haters were in attendance.  The Council should really provide truthful advance billing for their shows.  I don't believe for a second that any of this was random.  

I have never met Chief Petties and have no knowledge of any police business, but didn't he submit the resignation letter?  I don't think that I am being wildly suspicious when I say that this Council has previously used Chief Petties as a tool to punish Mayor Wilson for winning.  The saddest result is that our Police Chief has been publicly humiliated only to make the star of the show (guess who......Burrell) look adorable in his own eyes.  He apparently visualizes himself as the perfect Southern gent, saving the poor man 'of color' from rape accusations from the white trash female liar. 

If the Mayor should resign, then also the entire Council should resign.  Let's start over totally or not at all.
My dog could win a Council position more readily than Burrell could again!

I don't know Mayor Wilson personally and have only spoken to her randomly in the bookstore, etc. However, I voted for her and I believe in her vision for Fairhope. It is clear that she loves this city and is doing her best to protect it.   If the Council had given her even 25% support, most of her mistakes would not have occurred; however, sour grapes prompted the hatred and jealousy that led to the coin-operated Council's approval of the Fly Creek Apartments rather than allow Fairhope's residents to finally put an end to that never-necessary and never-wanted project to pass.

One day, I believe, Jay Robinson and Jimmy Conyers will have their kids question their poor choices in these votes.  Boone and Burrell only want to destroy the Mayor; if that destroys the City, they consider it collateral damage.  I can't figure out Robert Brown 'for our hometown'.......he just lied during his campaign?  I believed him and voted for him.  I would love to know if he was sincere during the campaign and then later sold out for big money or if he was on Corte's payroll from the beginning....he is perhaps the most puzzling of all b/c he truly appeared to be a good guy.

Go to the meeting Monday if you believe in democracy and not just sideshows.