---
title: Anonymous
date: 2018-06-09 06:42:55
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Sherry Sullivan contacted every fired employee and all of her friends in Fairhope to initiate a finely-orchestrated melodrama and used Chief Petties for their own gain.  Chief Petties has told anyone who would listen that he planned to retire.  And why not?  Thirty-six years on the force, he's ready, he deserves it.

But Ms. Sullivan and her band of miscontents saw a perfect opportunity to twist what Chief Petties planned to do and make it appear as though he was being pushed out - just as they'd been.  Who knows why Petties went along with this charade?  That is not for us to figure out.  Perhaps he just wanted a big farewell.

In any case, for those of y'all who haven't yet watched the production (and I suggest you do), it went off as planned.  In fact it went off so well it's possible they had a dress rehearsal prior to the show.  Chief Petties was indeed a sad sight, reading from his prepared speech - and I do think it was actually prepared by him because it was really, really a rambling disjointed affair - proclaiming how the mean little ole Mayor bullied him (put this visual in your mind) to the point where he just couldn't stay any longer.  The tears were a nice effect as well and especially appealing to the base was Sherry and all the former employees, standing behind him in a choir, alternately holding hands, giving each other and him comfort and pats...it could only have been improved with a soundtrack.

And Petties' wife, stepping in to finish what he was emotionally unable to complete, was also an extra-nice touch.

Then we come to the scene that Jack was waiting for.  You could just tell the entire time the audience was singing Petties' accolades that Jack was chomping at the bit to finally get to his part which I'm sure he'd rehearsed in his bathroom mirror all afternoon.  And finally - it was his turn!!

"So, Chief Petties, if we can bend state law and make miracles happen so that you can report to the Council instead of the mean ole bully-Mayor, will you stay?"

"Yes, sir," the humble servant replies, nodding and bowing to his master.

And now the coup de gras that will SURELY put the last nail in the Mayor's coffin: Jack stands with Petties' resignation letter in his hands, tears it up into little pieces and throws it out into the courtroom, I mean room, like so much confetti.  And like the sheep that the rest of the Council are, they too follow suit and resignation confetti wafts through the room like the first light snow of the season.  

I mean, it was stellar, and every actor truly did deserve an Oscar.  Bravo!!  Well done!

But...it's not over yet!  Because now, the Mayor must face the angry villagers before they lead her to the burning pyre that will hopefully snuff out her life as the mean ole bully she's become.  Imagine if you can, what that must have been like.  A woman who has wanted nothing more than to do good things for Fairhope, seeing her friends and neighbors and the people of Fairhope who are such good, kind Christians, who are so easily led to become raging, hateful, mean-spirited, deluded lemmings by a well-crafted production.  Because everybody knows she can't really say a thing to defend herself.  That's the way the City operates.  Hog-tied by liability issues if she dares to say what needs to be said.  

Well done, Sherry Sullivan.  You finally got what you've been wanting.  Who knows, you might make a very good bad politician yourself.  You've certainly got the black heart and a team of supporters for it.