---
title: Fact
date: 2018-06-09 09:17:09
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Well said anonymous!  You are so correct. People are blinded by there own stupidity and that’s sad for Fairhope. You are very correct stating the fact that Cheif Pettis has sat in the back of the council meetings and allowed Jackass Burrell to treat people (especially the Mayor) like they were slaves or bums. I can promise you 2 things. If the mayor was a man, he would have already kicked the crap out of Jackass and second, the black folks of Fairhope and all around the world are ashamed that a man who is has been on the force for 36 years and is the Cheif of Police for the city of Faihope allowed himself, his people and the rest of the people of Fairhope to be treated as second rate citizens. I guess when you don’t mind being treated like a slave by Jackass Burrell and the City Council, you really don’t have any respect for yourself or for others. We are better people than this group of trash that is playing games and plays right in front of our own eyes. Ban these sorryass fired employees and get rid of the whole damn Council and good ridden Cheif Pettis. You made you own bed of shame. Now go and either lay down in it, leave this city or live here and demand the respect you deserve from Jackass Burrell and the Council. The Mayor has never treated you wrong or made a fool of you. Jackass and the others have just been treating you like a damn mule. There’s a word that I believe Jack has used to describe you on more than one occasions and that’s not fair to anyone of us.