---
title: Go Jump In The Bay
date: 2018-06-12 09:52:45
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 You are so correct Jim from T Town ! 
Fairhope and the entire county has been 
full of corrupt politicians and their merry men. 
The city in county have been putty In their hands for their personal gain- power passed down from Mayor to Mayor. 
Kept in ‘the family’ of rich old white men.

The truth will find a way to come out. That is why they are running scared and employing others to fight their way back in. Today’s transparency is going to stop a lot of this. And, I do hope we can stop this old, sputtering political machine. 

They like to divert attention by stirring up other things, sealing lawsuits quickly so their supporters won’t know the truth, enlist opposing the lawyers to participate- because if they don’t participate - they will be DONE in the county and city. No one is strong or brave enough or willing to lose their livelihood to take these crooks down. 
If the truth is exposed by the client - they would face a lifetime of lawsuits because they can and they are cruel. 

Please don’t stop supporting Karin. She really has everyone’s best intrest at heart and do not be persuaded by the same group of sheep that support Kant. If his supporters only knew how he was lining his pockets with the wool from their coats!  

If they only knew what he has done to ordinary hard working citizens, the financial pain and heartache he has caused. 

Remember that everyone is a heartbeat away from them destroying you. And they even make money while they are destroying people, they purposely bill hours, refuse to fairly negotiate, intimidate- they know every trick. 

I have always heard that families who seem happy, kind and friendly on the outside can really have a dark side lurking beneath - same with the quaint little town called Fairhope. It has a very dark side and it is nasty

Jail is too nice a place for him.