---
title: Go Jump In The Bay
date: 2018-06-12 23:05:13
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 In reply to Ben Fumin in Fairhope regarding the celebration at Tamera’s restaurant by Kant and his wife, Boone &amp; his wife, the newspaper boy, Other media, other council and ex employees  there. The party was on, It made my stomach turn to see them.
 I just sat there stunned watching this mean group of people, To think that people were gullible enough to vote for them. That people with this kind of mentality and value system are in control of Fairhope.
I still can not believe it, but I saw it with my own eyes.

Thoughts from tonight: 6/11: 
*So Jack, I do not believe you were being truthful at all, and Kevin you have done everything in your power to not work with the Mayor and treat her with respect. 

*Jack is not being truthful when he said he did not  plan that mob scene last week - HE HAD SOMEONE DO IT FOR HIM so he was not “technically “ lying! 
DO YOU REALLY THINK THOSE EX EMPLOYEES SHOWED UP AND SUDDENLY DECIDED TO WALK UP AND STAND BEHIND JOSEPH? OH PLEASE!???? 
Boone was in on it too- He is and always has been a smart alec! Can not stand his pompous attitude. He has no respect for anyone except his buddy, Jack. Boone told Mayor Karin that he and others could not trust the Mayor -- well, Fairhope can not trust you or Jack either, 
 ol’ buddy!


And to Ms Beiser, who commented at tonight’s meeting. (6-11)
The Mayor does not need your opinion on hiring and firing nor your comment about losing 400 years of antiquated experience. 
It is HER RIGHT as the elected Mayor of Fairhope to hire or fire department heads and staff.It is her right to give evaluations. I have never heard of an employee arguing with their superior over whether or not they like their evaluation. Joe got sucked up in the politics of this. 
 The majority voted and wanted her to serve as Mayor. You should respect their opinion. Those who voted her into office do not want her resignation. The council should respect her for the same reason. This should not be personal, this is business, In business you must work with people and show respect to people whether or not you like them. 
In the beginning, she wanted and tried to keep the department heads. But when your employees undermine you and play games with you because they don’t want you as their Mayor, well then, she exercised her right and used the option to send them home. Like it or not. So don’t play innocent and traumatized with me. Those ex and disgruntled employees can go sell crazy in some other town, I’m not buying into this. 
More people see through all of this than you would think. 
Thank you for allowing me to voice my opinion on your comments. You just seemed so angry.