---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-31 14:08:31
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 We get it Anonymous about the Open Public Meeting Act, Dude. Know just as much about it as you will ever know. The offer was given verbally by Jack himself to allow ANYONE to speak with a 3 minute time limit. This is against the law. Denying it without proper actions instead of a drunken and very confusing slur by Jack claiming this and that with NOT a single councils member even breathing. They are all pussy cats. It can however be brought up in a council meeting and if approved by the majority of the council, I'm sure that Jack would then have a right to not even let him He was denied and since Jack has committed other possible crimes he went on a slur, check his alcohol level next time, about this and that. It's called bullshit and I'm scare to let you talk because I haven't told the little boys sitting with him something he did and wants to say it to them first. He was indeed scared to death "and so is the rest of the councilmen I can assure "you" that Ripp would say something that the citizens would be shocked (but exactly the Truth, everytime) and after some of the people who visited Jack Burrell last week, I'm sure Jack didn't tell all his knee padders about some of the facts that he has not shared with the councilmen. So if you are trying to tell us all how a public meeting should be run or how it's done differently in other places and that After Jack Burrell told Ripp to sit down with an escort is against the law. Put in the next agenda and let's vote on it so Jack Burrell can slow down in his drinking and quit making Fairhope look like a bunch of freaks, barefooted and running all over the place. Why don't YOU yourself get some signatures and open a motion yourself to have Ripp banned from the meeting or even speaking at them. Do that or just shut the hell up and know that Burrell would have already done that if he thought he could get away with it. It can be done leagally. So go do it!