---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-31 16:04:24
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 We agree on some things but I am not an attorney. I just talked to one of the 5 gulf state's AGs and it was explain to me after they watch the video and they of course know all the history of this crap. THAT at the time Jack Burrell opened the floor for "anyone" to speak and know ii knew Ripp had been sitting there. He did so break the law.  With no support from why one else  if I would have been Ripp. I would have let them arrest me and deal with Burrell and he police Cheif later. That would have been an case I would have done for free on Ripp's behalf. Might have even broken the law if he would have said "I now open the floor to anyone who has a comment other than Ripp. But to do that in a sorry ass way while representing the City of Fairhope is just not  how we the good honest people of Fairhope want to be represented. Now, you and other people that do not want to see Ripp or anybody else speak or even attend any of the meetings. I would suggest that you and Jackass go out and get a petition sighed for such reasons and let the citizens or the city councilmen vote. Then there would be no disagreeing on what you thought was right. But indeed complete wrong, unethical, terrible example of a human being to out high school kids who read these blogs as adults and future leaders. I myself will not tolerate such actions and behavior from Jack Burrell for very much longer as there is no doubt the FBI, the ethics commission and other business people who all are watching Jack Burrell make a mockery of what he himself thinks how Fairhope should be represented in out city, at our churches, our fundraisers, etc etc. Make it your goal to keep Ripp from speaking and letting Jack go on like a creapy, little, coward of a man represent Fairhope and it's true wonderful people who really care. I guess I really don't give a crap that you disagree with me. If you are for Jack. I'm glad you disagree because when I post something. It's a fact. One person is not going to try and keep this city from crashing. It will end soon and the city and its citizens will be much better of. Other councilmen. You are to scared to back Jack up and that is showing you are just as guilty as he is. Y'all duke it out.