---
title: Fairhope
date: 2017-08-31 16:35:31
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 The only thing you had wrong in your post was "I think he "Jack" went too far. You were right. You should have said you know he went too far. Trust me everyone. Everyone should not be surprised by the way Jack represents the city of Fairhope. Drunk and Stupid. No intelligent person or sober person would act that way with cameras and in front of all those people including the Cheif of Police. I'd like to see if the Cheif would actually arrest Ripp if Burrell told him to? I bet you 5 grand. If it were just for a action like last night the police Cheif would put on the report. Jack Burrell made the Cheif him arrest Ripp. Who the hell does Burrell think he is. "NODINE" LOL. It's coming everyone. Burrell better not be keeping a deputy badge or special police badge. The way he gets drunk and acts out in public, someone will straighten out that coward. Now I hear that Jack thinks he's the police Cheif too. Hell, he actually Demoted the Cheif of police of Fairhope on a live steaming site and in front of several witnesses. Cheif, is your job in jeopardy if you don't do exactly what Jack tells you to do. I myself know you and would say no. But I would keep myself distant from a law suit with Burrell in it because the first thing he's going to say is "The Cheif lied and is wrong and shouldn't have done that"
Don't try it out Cheif!!!  It will happen.  Steve Nodine and Jack Burrell share a lot of qualities. All of them BAD!!!!!