---
title: Justin Baldwin
date: 2018-08-02 22:23:20
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 ~ On Chief’s Retirement 

Know what I found interesting? As I listened to Lorie DeBias’ interview with the Chief, he broke the news that he was retiring.  His words were very revealing. 
Lorie asked him if he had actually talked to Mayor Wilson and let her know he was retiring. He told Lorie - no- but went on to say he had told Tim and the council members, and that Tim and the council members understood his decision.  REALLY????
That shows right there his insubordination, disregard for the office, regardless of who was elected. 
It shows me that even to the end, the Chief was undermining her authority and was very passive aggressive in doing so. 
She even brought it up that dramatic night that no one attempted to communicate with her. They do not want to. 
If you avoid giving someone the information they need to make improvements to a department, or buck the changes implemented by your superior; you are causing conflicts.
I also think that deep down the Chief knows that his participation in that last farce was wrong on many levels. He was used. He was planning on retiring anyway. Tim’s Little gang of misfits found themselves someone easy to manipulate and use  as their poster boy. And they did! 
Back to that interview with Lorie DeBias, I started laughing. Wish I could take his deposition, I could punch holes through his original story of  “ I’ve been harassed and mistreated”. It seems that a group was involved in harrassing the Mayor and are intent to continue it. 

The Chief still does not realize that TIM IS NO LONGER THE MAYOR and he does NOT report to him or anyone on that council. 

And, that my friends was the problem and his downfall! And, it was the downfall of the cheerleaders standing behind him that night! 

They all went down due to their own demise. You see, some folks just like drama and the gossip mill. Apparently it was more fun to run and tell Tim the inside scoop that just doing their job. None of them realize that Tim was no longer in charge, and they just couldn’t get over it. Kind of like Hillary. Maybe Tim and Hillary could hold hands and go for a walk in the woods. 

If you work for government, you have to understand that the politics are a fact of life and the person who wins the election has EVERY LEGAL right to hire and fire, and choose those that he or she wishes to represent the platform on which he or she ran. 
This group has shown us every step of the way that they behaved poorly when this women took office. They played games with her, goaded her, undermined her authority, tried to embarrass her, and continued to report to Tim as if he were Mayor. They should have accepted and tried to work with her. After all, until they showed their true agenda, she was willing to keep them all, even when she had no obligation to do so.
One of Mayor Wilson’s issues was transparency and ending the corruption. Apparently, they didn’t want her in their playhouse. 
And after listening carefully today, I was convinced more than ever that these folks are a huge part of the stain that is now on our City. All of them from the GCN reporter, the radio lady with the deep voice, the Council and department heads. While they may not like Mayor Wilson, they should respect the majority who voted Tim out and her in. 
If you listen long enough, the truth does eventually come out. 

Thank you for listening to my point of view. Not all will like it, but it is completely acceptable to have an opinion that differs from someone else’s.