---
title: Curious about Fairhope Politicians
date: 2018-08-05 08:55:11
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 - VOTE FOR OL’ JOE AND HIS TREATED PANCREAS- TWO VOTES FOR JOE!!
How can good ‘ol Joe not be in trouble along with Randy? 

He told the paper that he got the treatment from the demised clinic and not only that: he says he paid his co pay for that pancreas’s treatment. 

 I am guessing Joe just woke up one morning and decided to go line up for ( on his own?) pancrease treatments. He went more than one time. 

Hurry Joe.... run down there and write a check to cover yourself. 

Funny thing... the paper also stated in that article that BCBS would NOT pay for the treatment. 

So let’s do some political math and add up HOW MUCH DID OL JOE PAY FOR HIS PANCREASE TREATMENT?

And, did Joe turn over on Dandy Randy as Legislator A? It depends on which way the wind is blowing as to whether Joe will be your friend or not! 

Politics are so much fun folks! Instead of finding misspelled words in the newspaper, I look for holes in the stories of politicians. It is quite fun. If they open their mouths, the truth always comes out.

Just like Chief Joe- he couldn’t call the Mayot on her cell phone to let her know of his decision? - but he DID let Tim and other council members know. 
He said that in his interview with the radio lady! THERE WAS HIS PROBLEM SUMMED UP IN ONE TINY SENTENCE! He did not want to communicate with anyone but what was in the past. 
 And Chief knows deep in his heart that he was used as their ‘poster boy’ for being a victim of that mean, mean Mayor. He had planned to retire anyway- that show was just a stepping stone.
Read the holes in that story too.
( can you hear the theme from LA law playing in the background?)