---
title: The truth
date: 2020-12-17 14:55:13
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 This is all being stirred up by a ex bitter council member who lost the election and the disgruntled ex wife of the chief of police who’s boyfriend was stopped by an officer of Columbia PD. The man had active warrants , a suspended license, numerous prescription pill bottles prescribed to other people, marijuana and a pistol with no gun permit in which was registered to someone else. Since the stop the ex wife has tried making allegations that he was set up due to the police chief being her ex husband. The police chief was off duty when the stop took place. Also the ex council member and ex wife work together at the city of Dothan. Since the election and the stop of her boyfriend they have conspired together to slander the mayor Rhonda Freeman and the police chief Philip Killingsworth along with a few others. They have went through great lengths to try and do harm where no harm has been done. If all of the above concerns posted were true why didn’t the ex council member do something about it while still being an elected official? All you have here is a bitter ex council member who can’t take a loss and a bitter ex wife who wants to cover up her boyfriends wrong doings by blaming someone else. Which Columbia isn’t the first police department they’ve tried to bash on media outlets after the boyfriend got charges in anotherthe town as well. It's all false allegations being made against the mayor of Columbia and the chief police. The local news media stations haven't offerred to touch it because they have learned it's false information. That's why the culprits are now turning to any social platform they can to keep their harrassement going.