---
title: admin
date: 2018-06-21 17:50:23
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 There was an issue with the server today and we lost several comments. Here are the comments.

<blockquote>Thomason must be beaten twice.
Why? - Citizens2</blockquote>

<blockquote>Catalyst is the machine. Wake up d#mmies. - Citizens</blockquote>
<blockquote>
The fact that they are Catalyst and not the People’s Choice is enough. If Tyler continues to work for Catalyst then his “Empire” known as the Baldwin County School System will continue to split off. Gulf Shores today, Daphne tomorrow, Fairhope the next day, and then all you will have left is Robertsdale, Bay Minette, Spanish Fort, and Foley. Already you are having home-schoolers nibble away at the current enrollment.
Dear Tyler, when are you going to get a clue that you are in with the wrong folks? Go ahead and keep hiring administrators to do your work, keep smothering the classroom teachers to the point of making them not caring anymore, and keep piling on 12 month employees to further kill the morale of the classroom teachers and your empire will continue to rot.
How is that for your so-called “Waste of ‘Political Oxygen’?” - Spanish Fort Oracle
</blockquote>

<blockquote>
But they are Christians. Ha. This is why Christians are being lumped together with hypocrites. Don’t tell me yiu are s Christian but show me you are a Christian by your everyday actions. - Anonymous
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
Chris Elliot also got the AEA to buy his BS. THE A-Vote endorsed him. I thought the AEA had better sense. No wonder AEA has lost power. It is that gullible - Anonymous
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
Chris Elliott and Eddie Tyler are up to no good. - Schoolmarm
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
Tyler is catalyst.
The machine lives. - Kbar</blockquote>