---
title: Want to Believe
date: 2018-05-22 11:23:54
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Once again, Anonamyass: to what facts do you refer to?  You constantly chide Ripp for his lack of facts.  What facts does he get wrong?  

Catalyst is a political group that is used by a group of politicians that are funded by the developers - FACT.  

The campaign filings show the flow of money from the developers, to the politicians, to Catalyst - FACT.

Catalyst was founded by Lynne Stacey, to later morph into Elliot Haygood, and Stacey.  Later this firm was given to Scott Boone to be called Catalyst.  In addition, Tucker Dorsey is a Catalyst client.  These people are builders - FACT.

Dorsey and Hayood came in here from Georgia to over-develop this area and by getting in government they made the process of getting permits easier - FACT.

The Catalysts have hijacked the Republican Party in Baldwin County and made the term "Christian Conservative" a buzz word to justify their ambitions - FACT.

Chris Elliot using his position as Commissioner got out of fully paying for his DUI - FACT.

So what are your rebuttals to these facts?  Don't just call Ripp a "hack" but rebut these facts.
PLEASE!  I don't want to believe this stuff about the politicians and their ties to Catalyst.  I really want to believe that the politicians really want to serve the people and not make their elected positions a way to manipulate the system.
I WANT TO BELIEVE IN THE GOODNESS OF THE POLITICIANS - HELP ME BELIEVE.