---
title: BeforeKant
date: 2019-01-28 04:35:12
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I am a long time resident of Fairhope. I've been living here since the last term of Jim Nix, the former mayor (before Tim Kant). Fairhope has grown, but the county has too, and Fairhope's ambiance now is tied to the growth of the rest of the county, particularly Daphne and Spanish Fort nearby, as they snarl around the road system surrounding Interstate Ten, a road most people in Fairhope have to use to get to and from work and errands everyday. As more continue to move into the county,  the simple road system will be overrun.

Mayor Karin came into the game in the bottom of the eighth inning. 
Fairhope was down by seven runs.  

She had to get four critical outs...

1. She needed to out the holdovers from the former regime: DONE. 
2. She needed to assess the deplorable raw sewage problem: DONE.
3. She needed to out the holdovers from the planning commission: DONE.
4. She needed to expose the corruption at the Fairhope Airport: DONE.

Mayor Karin has pitched well.  However, it will take a team effort.
Karin has given a chance to win.  We need some offense.
Some big hitters.  Fairhope needs new political blood on the council.

As the county grows citizens must put equal pressure on the county commission to slow growth. If they are indeed catalyst-backed then you will see a continued irresponsible building spree that will only further increase our commute times, congestion and general
irritability.

I will finish with everyone knew Kant carried water for Nix. The problem is the town got too big for them to control anymore.  That slow relinquishing is happening now and it's the same thing that is going on in DC with Trump v. the Deep State.