---
title: Jeff
date: 2018-11-23 18:43:43
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I can only tell folks why I voted no: 
A. There’s absolutely no need to change a successful method of governance because of recent issues with elected personnel. Fairhope has been here longer than any of us and will continue beyond our lifetimes, so making fundamental changes should be well thought out, clearly communicated, and follow state statutes. It is my opinion that this referendum failed on all three points. 
B. As a non-native citizen, I can speak from experience on a topic that generational elites cannot: living in an area with a City Manager. Like any Human Resources decision, errors can be made. To fire a poor performing City Manager takes a near herculean effort that inevitably involves the legal system and/or the criminal justice system. So, on top of the added expense of a City executive with pay and other benefits that will easily surpass $100,000.00 per year, one whom citizens cannot vote out of office, we citizens are not guaranteed performance will improve yet we are guaranteed a minimum of a six-figure expense with even more being potentially required. 
C. I’ve read a great deal of information regarding special interests in the Ripp Report. One thing that i haven’t seen mentioned is the creation of new special interests via districting. This is as commonplace as politics itself. Senators Jones and Shelby advocate on the national level for all Alabamians. Rep. Faust represents Fairhope at the state level. By creating districts, Fairhope would be divided. City Council members would be required to represent their district of Fairhope and not all of Fairhope. I, as a citizen of Fairhope want all five members of the City Council to represent the city’s best interest, not just their district. District priorities are the bell cow of every re-election campaign and, in my opinion, will result in our city growing more divided due to an inability to satisfy all citizens regarding the make-up of their district. 

These are the three primary reasons I voted no, and they do not fit the Mayor’s or Ripp Report’s narrative, especially that of proverbial hired people and uninformed outsiders attempting to destroy this city. This is little more than a City HR-type issue and we the voters are the one’s doing the hiring. We elected a Mayor and Council that do not fit and seemingly cannot co-exist. I look forward to the next election to see how we voters decide the future of Fairhope, my adopted home.