---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-06-09 01:49:51
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 You are correct. But, the troops have rallied somewhat during the past few months. We think they might be getting a little worn out with the vulgar language and the awkward  group like strike my ass because I want you too fast or
666 or 333, etc.  Duh??? Or Kant is wonderful or Chris Elliot still says he really didn't get a real DUI (really) or Tripp Pittman can actually go a day without telling a lie. He really cannot do it. If you really believe in God. God is telling him to shut up and quit lying and get out of politics. Understand that the  ignorant people in his wake of destruction. You will be disappointed. No doubt at all. Sometimes it's for the best. 
Hang if there Fairhope citizens and Baldwin County Citizens alike. You still have Tucker Dorsey that continues to make all of us look like barefooted stupid rednecks to the rest of the Country. He can represent himself as that. But should not allow some of these larger networks think of us this way
and should never be allowed to talk to any media group ever again. Especially outside our County. Thought he would have grown up al little bit. But you can't fix hatefulness or stupid. Another Amen politician!!! Amen. Amen Amen. Geeze.  Tripp Pittman Prayed that the bay waters  will depart and that he can clean up mess that HE INTENTIONALLY DID TO HARM MOBILE BAY. Its so fake. No mater what turns out to be right or wrong. At least finish the job we started. The clock has almost struck midnight and all the lies will be put right in front of you. The Calvary is coming.  WE CAN HEAR THEM COMING. So for heavens sake. If you can't hold on to what you believe in for a little longer. Then you all will be considered losers for the rest of your lives. Have faith!!!!  Things that are worth fighting for cannot be given up just because some hateful people want what they want and not what is best for Fairhope or Baldwin County. Stay strong. You all are strong. I promise you it will be fine!!!!!  We will not back down and now is the time to reach down deep and work hard for what is right and what is legal. Anyone that wants to come out and curse you out or act like a freak.  We will handle them and they will continue to destroy themselves everyday and they even know it. It's so sad. Chris Elliot. I wouldn't be drinking alcohol at all and driving. That is just stupid or is that what Alabama State senators are expected to do. You won't slip through the crack next time. There is a long list wainting for you to get your next DUI! You'll see the other side of the steel bars for a lot longer than you did before. Don't think we have forgotten about you Jack Burrell????  It's just going to be too easy with you. Affidavits are being signed everyday. Your mutts are next. Because they heard and agree to the terrible things you have said. Your foot is in the trap. We just won't let it go off while you think you are so perfect. How many people do you even remember  talking to at some of these charity event or school fundraiser events when alcohol is present???  We will be reminding you soon. Strike hard, strike fast. I like it!!!!