---
title: Jester Triple-Six
date: 2017-07-07 15:52:55
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I can say this with truth, I am Jester Triple-Six, not Mr. Brown. I do not know Mr. Brown, nor the other council members in Fairhope and have only met a few in passing. I did not campaign for anyone. I came on this blog to show just how absurd those that post against the Council and others have become, the name calling and pointing fingers with only half-truths and rumors. The caricature of the president of the council behind bars, and Ripp you seem to enjoy all of this bullying, name calling, and HATE. I am a non-partisan, I vote not as Independent, Republican, Democrat or any other party but as a non-affiliated party voter.
The blog author(s) accuse others of high crimes and misdemeanors with only purported facts or half-truths. There are always two sides to every story then somewhere in the middle lay the truth. Ripp, you call people names, label people and take great pride in dividing Fairhope, you bask in the fact you have sued the city, you take this action without any recourse, without the consideration of those that work, worship and live in this city.
I have posted with the same ferocity as you do Ripp. Your hypocrisy has no bounds, and you along with other individuals take aim at the council members are only trying to do their jobs. All of your posts are filled with negative and name calling. Ripp, you do not want to admit the truth, you only want to keep people in Fairhope angry at each other and as you have described yourself in and have taken great pride in being "a shit-stirrer". 
Ripp and you other supporter think Jester is Mr. Brown. Ripp you assume because you accuse him and Boone of something that was not true, then when someone defends others they must be the one that was offended. But once again you post a false narrative accusing Mr. Brown of posting as Jester. You are beginning to believe all the lies! 
Mr. Ripp here is a quote from you "A councilperson who calls his constituents carpetbaggers and Yankees insisting they go home if they do not agree with him and his good ole boys." You are implying or inferring that Jester is a council member and that is totally FALSE. Once again you are trying to defame a good person that is a council member. Jester has called others carpetbaggers and Yankees and donT forget scallywags!
Perhaps now Mr. Francis Paul Ripp you will examine your HATE and stop implying something that is not remotely true. You have claimed you will pay someone $5,000 if they can prove anything in your report is false, well are you ready to pay me? I will take a polygraph test to show that Mr. Brown, nor any other council member is Jester, nor has any other council member has asked me to post on here! Are you ready to put your money where your mouth is? 

You are right, Fairhope does not need HATE, and you are one of the leading posters of hate!