---
title: Jester Triple-Six Out
date: 2017-07-10 20:11:46
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Did anyone notice that I never published that verse? "My hands are clenched in fists of rage", not in a rage just want this site to stop bashing the council and calling them all crooks. I haven called the mayor a crook, just point out issues and it gets to Paul then he goes ballistic. If he would take the same advice that placed in this 'edition' then it could all so civil. He could set some community standards about name calling but he doesn't. 
Most, if not all of the post on here are based up hate, from everyone but then again, this report doesn't post the previous post that I posted too. Either someone was calling the council members crooks, Bevis or butthead or some other name. So, you want the hate to stop then you Mr. Frances Paul Ripp has a chance to stop it. Stop others from posting name calling and saying folks are guilty of something before having being charged or tried.
So, if Ripp will apologize for tieing Jester to Brown then Jester will stop posting. The right I will reserve is the right to post if someone starts the name calling again. BTW, did you get the answer you wanted tonight. I am going to contact the GCNs and see if they will meet me for a polygraph test, then you will see. You can keep playing detective but post responsibly. 
Deal Mr. Frances Paul Ripp?
Here are the questions to ask, and to be answered: 1. Do you have any ties to a council member? NO 2. Do you have any ties to anyone that is tied to any council member? NO 3. Do you have any ties to anyone that is the city government or city employee or ex-employee? NO 4. Has anyone put you up to any of these post? NO 5. All of your knowledge has come from public sources, the deep web or otherwise. YES 6. Have you ever hacked into anyone's system or computer to obtain information? NO 7. Was your purpose of posting on here is to stop all the name calling and finger pointing? YES.
Any ties include but not limited to - any donations, talking on the phone to a council member, council person friend or any other person to encourage me to post, not related (that I know of) to any ex-employee, or current employee, etc. 
So, I think you need to stick to your agreement and pay me for showing that the 'Report' does not always publish facts!