---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-07-11 21:41:53
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I watched last night's Council Meeting and everything appeared normal.  There may be animosity between the Mayor and Council but everyone behaved well;  there did not appear to be any issues among the participants.  
Do the Ripp Report Editors (or, more importantly, the commenters who claim factual information) actually have any facts about the 'pipeline', etc , FBI investigations or other misdeeds by anyone in Mayor Kant's administration  or is this just a 'stir-the-pot' hobby engaged in by people with absolutely nothing else to do?  If someone has nothing to do, keep in mind that Fairhope has a Senior Citizens Clubhouse (Nix Center?)......go there and play cards.  
Better idea.......find a Mayoral candidate to replace Wilson.  Her 'heart' may be in the right place, but she is an idiot and is turning Fairhope into an object of pity.   I did believe that she was going to great things for Fairhope but she has chosen (instead) to do great things for her friends.  Think who can we recruit to be Mayor b/c this cycle is toast!
If the Council had done anything wrong, wouldn't our esteemed mayor have done something (other than giggle) though the meeting?  I spent 6 months believing that Burrell &amp; Brown were bullying her (would say Boone but I think that he is always drunk at the meetings and it is difficult to get a bead on him); I now believe that, without Boone &amp; Brown, Karin would have hired a lot more people less 'brainy' that she is (quite frightening, right?).