---
title: Jester Triple-Six
date: 2017-07-11 22:26:38
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I challenge Pauli to look into the mayor's disclosure forms, they don't match when it comes to relationships. The 'Foundations' she has sat and her new hired friends. This council has protected Fairhope from her madness. 
I warned Pauli not to ask Brown if he was ole Jester, did you see the look on Pauli's face when Brown stated: "Frances Ripp, you give yourself to much credit, NO!" 
Hell, I am beginning to feel bad for Pauli, I really feel sorry for the Queen, her ego got the best of her, she actually thought she could do this job. 
I was in the intelligence business long before it was cool. Pauli want to dance, well let us dance! Jester is a ghost that Pauli is chasing. 
I am tired of the lie, finger pointing and friend hiring! I apologize for not being at the council meeting but was out of town for meetings and just back tonight. His sources hang out at the dog park, they set in a group and compare notes, lie to each and think they are all Dick Tracy. An FBI guy that retired Special in Charge of Montgomery, takes his dog to the park, he's a nice guy but he is not going to engage in all this non-sense.
The deep web is full of information about this site, about the various 'foundations' and so much other information. AND other folks too! Pauli has been crying for years! 
I wish Pauli would stop comparing Fairhope to Mobile, or the State government. The individuals that she has fired and assaulted are long-term employees, the individual's that Ivy has fired are all political appointments and were not long-term employees. They did live, or worship, or work in Montgomery except for the time they are appointed. They lived in others cities and were a temporary residence of Mongomery.
This mayor has ruined long-term employees lives. Good people!
I will have to agree with you about Boss, he does sometimes appear to be in the sauce from time-to-time but Boss loves this city. 
Pauli, are we still friends? I warned you not to ask!
AND Georgia, do not trust anyone on the internet, to include me, we will befriend you then suck you into the abyss. Please feel free to correct my spelling or grammar.