---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-07-12 21:22:50
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Fairhope is beginning to be nationally recognized for its 'poor planning'.....library, civic center, golf club, soccer fields, sewer system, retaining wall, developments that negatively affect Fly Creek, etc.....We are becoming quite the poster child for "Where to NEVER Move!"

I had hoped that Wilson might help clean this up, but we all know by now that she has been on the wrong track (she is clearly on the ego track).

  I wish that her 'much less than stellar' hires would resign so that Karin could get a bead on what needs to be done and head in that direction.  As long as she has these adoring (but clueless) high school buddies drawing large salaries from Fairhope, the Mayor will never gain respect and/or cooperation from the Council or the voters.   I am one of many who are happy that Kant lost, but I am now wishing that we had elected Willie Bean this time!  At least that sweet dog would have tried to do what was best for the City after we elected him!  He had 10,000 times the charm of our current Mayor.

 I also must add one more thing......Karin sat and smiled/chuckled/giggled throughout the entire work session and meeting Monday night just waiting for Paul Ripp to fight her fight for her. 
 No wonder no one has any respect for her at all!  She is the Mayor and she is calling in friends to reprimand the Council on her behalf while she sits mutely watching?  And, remember, she missed the LAST meeting and sent in her white-shoe Counsel to the last Council meeting because she was hanging with Mayor DeBlasio (another much-hated Mayor) in South Florida.

 I have much respect for The Ripp Report.  Calling out government corruption is admirable and can be dangerous and it certainly does not pay well!  However, at some point, The Ripp Report should call out Karin Wilson for hiring Botox and Maser at such inflated salaries for their meager talents.  You should be fair to all........if the Mayor had not hired these two, she would still have my respect and support.   I don't know if the Lakewood Club fraud allegations are true or not......however, I assume that RSA will not allow itself to be defrauded.  

Bottom line.......The Ripp Report should report honestly on Botop, Karin and Maser.......don't let your reputation go down the tubes (which will make the State and Federal Government ignore anything else you send to them ever).  Sometimes it's best to just say it's over!