---
title: For Real/veteran
date: 2020-07-16 01:02:41
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Political view. Regarding the race between Jeff Sessions and Tommy Tuberville and Donald Trump. Yes, with not one negative thing towards Tommy Tuberville, the truth behind the results are as follows. 1. Tuberville won and congratulations goes out to him. 2. Jeff Sessions lost because the people of Alabama have become so uneducated and so stupid that they would allow Donald Trump sway their opinion about Sessions and not support him. 3. Donald Trump said “ my biggest political mistake was that I chose Jeff Sessions to be my Attorney General and 4. This is what is so true. Jeff Sessions biggest political mistake was to supporting and actually being responsible for Trump being elected President of the US. 
The stupid brainwashing and immoral tactics by Donald Trump towards Jeff Sessions is so terrible and worst, people bought into Trump’s evil tactics. 

It’s a shame that a person like Trump can persuade the People of Alabama to vote Tuberville over Sessions. It shows just how incompetent so many people of Alabama have become. I proudly served our country in the Military and always had high respect for the President at the time because he is considered to be our boss, our Commander in Chief.  I can’t honestly lay my head on my pillow each night and go to sleep, respecting Trump, who has not gone one day before or after he was elected, showed all of us including my children that this is not the person that we can respect or that we want our children growing up to be like. In fact, just the opposite.  Sure, some of you can say he did this and he did that and that no other President would have done it to help our county but you can accomplish things during a administration that may have some people going “he really cares about us or who else would stand up to China like he does” but the fact of the matter is....who really wants their kids to grow up lying everyday, disrespecting anyone who doesn’t disagrees with them, treats women like dogs (my dog gets treated much better),  to be a pompous and narcissistic person or literally see or not try to do better to improve themselves with working with people on a daily 
basis.   Do some of these elected officials seem to follow this pattern. Trump is not God and he’s not perfect as some people have admitted but they say it’s okay because he gets the job done. I have news for you, what a terrible person Trump
Is and unfortunately he is the only one I can vote for (maybe not vote at all) . So you Alabama people who idolize Trump and think he’s such a wonderful respectful person, you certainly do not care about how you want your own children to act when they grow up.   If you don’t agree with Trump about anything at all, then he automatically thinks you are wrong, a low life, calls you a name or two and just thinks you shouldn’t ever be allowed to have or be respectful for the rest of your life. I guess I’m a low life. Call me names, be mean towards me but I can tell you one thing. I’m pretty correct about Trump. He might can get things done but that alone doesn’t excuse him for being the person that he is. It’s not an opinion or name calling, it’s just a fact!  I believe he can help save the Country from all this crap but it doesn’t mean he’s an honorable person. That is what I want our President and my Commander in Chief to be.