---
title: Friend of Their Prey
date: 2018-11-02 22:57:40
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Dear Shit Stirrer,
Like my Mama used to say, don’t stir up sh** because it will just stink!
You probably do not know of the corruption in Fairhope because you just haven’t crossed paths with one of those power hungry politicians. If they or their buddies want something you have or if you do something they do not like, they will use their power and every tool they have at their disposal to destroy you. 

I know of several people in Fairhope who have been hurt by their evilness. 

And I lived here long before they were in power. 

Fairhope is great because of the founding families and the unique colony they created, it also has to do with the natural resources. 

Fairhope’s greatness has absolutely nothing to do with a politician or the greedy, and evil people trying to hang on to power.  They will do and say anything to keep power. It has to end. 

So dear ss, believe me when I tell you that the truth eventually comes out. You will see what many of us already know for fact. 

There has been over 40 years of absolute power and where you have absolute power, you have corruption and greed. It is a well oiled machine and has been running and making several men in this town extremely wealthy. Most people go about their business and have no earthly idea what is going on. 

And, before the next unfortunate fellow crosses their path, I do hope and pray we get that change. It is needed. I hope that you are just naive like most in town , and you are basically a good conservative person and can not imagine anyone doing what I know has been done. It is frightening and sad - the things I know! 

Because I love Fairhope so very much, this makes me so sad, I can hardly stand it. Please trust me on this.