---
title: You Know Who
date: 2018-07-17 19:44:01
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 If you wanted to make a change or keep things like they are?  Please understand that if you were able to vote today and you the only excuse you have is that you were just sitting on your butt, then do not ever complain again to me. I’m the one that has to just go with the flow. However, I do meet people, get phone calls and emails from all those who either agree with the way things are done or complain about all the problems they say we have or don’t have in Baldwin County. I can tell you one thing, as an Eagle Scout, a Veteran of this great Nation, one who respects our flag, our right to vote and the great values that we should all respect. If you could vote today and didn’t. Please do not bring your BS to me. I am for the majority and will have been for the past 30 years. It’s about 7pm and we will find out soon. Live with the decisions made tonight, because whatever the results are, that’s the way the people voted. Best of luck to all candidates and again, if you could vote today and you didn’t. If you are not happy with the results. I’m worn out and do not wish anyone crying on my shoulder. The outcome is the people’s choice and as always, I will accept the outcome. Have a blessed evening. Shout out to all the fine people at the Barnwell Fire Department voting station who helped today as will as everyone at all the other stations. Thanks for all y’alls time and support. I really appreciate your time and you service to our wonderful community.