---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2019-09-06 21:04:00
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I agree; however, I would bet large that they will all be re-elected.  Most voters in Fairhope appear to be really old and they don't know what is going on because they don't attend council meetings and they only read the Burrell blog, Gulf Coast News Today.  They are terrified of Mayor Wilson because she is female and that upsets their view of the world.....if a woman can be Mayor, who or what might be next?  Truly frightening.
Today's power outage will possibly energize some voters because no one wants to live without air conditioning here, and the current Council has done their best to delay any improvements to the infrastructure here (just as they and Kant diverted utility funds to their pet projects).    I had a very enlightening conversation with a city employee yesterday; he informed me that the employees of the City love Mayor Wilson because she cares about their problems getting their jobs done and tries her best to deliver the resources that they need to do so,  but that 'they' are determined to undermine anything that she does', 'they' being the City Council.   (I know......bad sentence, I have have let the grammar go unchecked tonight.).   Watch the videos of the Council meetings and see how the head of utilities, Mr. Peterson, has pretty much begged the Council to release funds to upgrade the utilities to try to catch up with the mega developments that the CC has allowed to move forward when they have been repeatedly warned of system overloads!