---
title: Jones no true American
date: 2018-02-01 18:18:10
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 F&amp;$k Doug Jones. During the State Of the Union address, he stayed seated on many, many subjects including not letting the enemy know what we are planning, but also not even standing or clapping when The President suggested standing to honor the America Flag. What a parasite. That is what you dumbasses get. Would love to buy all of you along with Lineral Doug Ass Jones a one way ticket out of this Country. Don’t want Doug Jones working with people across the aisle. Shit is Shit, and Doug Jones will always be exactly that. Lipstick on a pile of crap. Is still a pile of crap. He needs the pile of the American Flag shove straight up his ass. Then he might understand the meaning of respect for this country, which he has none and I bet he will be standing at attention once that pole in insert up his rectum. What a piece of Crap. Count your days on office Doug Jones. You won only because of basically default. You were not “DULY AND HONESTLY ELECTED AND YOU KNOW THAT EVERY TIME YOU TRY TO TRY TO GO TI SLEEP”. You were truly a disgrace to Alabama and all of us who believe in America being first. You didn’t even stand or even simply applause for making America great again. Another Peolosi with just as ugly of a face shown towards anything to do with making America Great. Two face Jackass. Congratulations on your appointment. You certainly didn’t get voted in on a major and true campaign. You will never win again as long as you act and disrespect the Flag and helping your Country “FIRST “.