---
title: Anonymous
date: 2019-04-26 15:55:13
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 First of all your facts are never right because you never fact check before you print. Bone and Barrel has The J Burrell sandwich on their menu. Mcsharrys has nothing named after Burrell on the menu. Secondly Bone and Barrel owns Little Whiskey where this Barstool incident occurred at 1ish in the morning after both involved had been drinking all day.  Conveniently you leave out that our “MAYOR” also owns a bar that competes with McSharrys and to drive this Irish foreigner out of town would by far benefit her and yes the owners of your loved J Burrell sandwich.   So you speak of political games in our small town then you need to do your homework and by connecting Burrell and McSharry with this incident it has become apparent that you are desperately trying to create conspiracy theories that could not possibly exist.  Sounds good in your dreams of pushing the mayors liberal agenda so more idiots like yourself can destroy every business in this town that is  not in agreement with your politics much less your “MAYORS” profit.  One more detail you would know if you did your homework is that most of the town has seen the video of the barstool incident including your “MAYOR” at her own request. And oh yes by the way the night after the barstool incident another person fell off a barstool in Little Whiskey. This time an ambulance was called not a cop maybe because it did not involve a competing business owner?   Even better than that the video of that incident was deleted because to the benefit of the establishment the hard drive crashed that night. And wow as luck had it the only video they had left was that of McSharry.  Keep printing my friend and create your Political destruction of the Woman theory and when you are served I guess that prosecutor will represent you all the better just because you are a man. Sick!