---
title: Anonymous
date: 2019-04-26 18:58:02
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 So after my first post was deleted probably due to being way too accurate I have to post again. First of all you never fact check so this is not going to be pretty.  McSharrys does not have anything named after Burrell on the menu only Bone and Barrel does. Bone and Barrel owns Little Whiskey which is the establishment that the barstool incident occurred.  If you had done your homework you would know that most people in Fairhope have seen the barstool
Video including your “MAYOR” that requested to see it. Secondly you would also state that your “MAYOR” owns a bar that competes with McSharry. Thirdly, you would state that the BARSTOOL incident occurred around 1AM after both involved had drank all day long. Trying to connect Burrell to this is the most apparent desperation attempt I think I have had to witness. Funny that an employee of Little Whiskey decided to play judge and jury the night that your “victim” was attacked by such a tyrant. A tyrant that happens to own a competing bar with not only Little Whiskey but your “MAYOR”.  Another fact the night after your barstool incident another patron was knocked off a barstool. Conveniently an ambulance was called not a cop!?  Could that happen because it did not involve a competing bar owner??  Well let’s keep going with facts from someone that actually checks them. Amazingly the hard drive crashed the night after your “victim” was knocked off the barstool. And even better than that the only video they could salvage was the one with McSharry. WOW!!  Thank you Jesus. Being a logical not politically involved resident I would have to question who really benefits from running an Irish bar owner foreigner out of our perfect small town!?  To try to spin your conspiracy theory is a total joke. And to include BURRELL is a testimony to your complete hate for someone that is actually serving our city.  You are sick!!  And your victim
Card for someone that is actually a victim is horrible!