---
title: F Y\'all
date: 2017-11-17 23:48:46
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Georgia Orwell!  You are just that F ing jealous because you were nerver sexually assaulted or groped. Maybe Ripp will give you some!!!! That's what you really need. Probably been awhile just like the dumbass women who can't complete a true correct grammar statement about Roy Moore. Stupid ass women. Listen to them. Some of the crap you have said makes everyone's head spin. You don't know the knowledge of consistency. I am so sorry that you have not been sexually assaulted or groped. Quit casting stones on someone who nothing has been proven against. I just wish that the Paul Ripp report would have been tougher on Jack Burrell from the beginning. Hell, Christian or non-Christian. Looks like Paul Ripp and the Ripp Report doesn't know the difference between the devil and who is only being accused of being the devil. Jack Burrell has fuck&amp;d up more crap in the last 5 years than anyone could make up or blame Roy Moore for the last 70 years. Get your head on straight Ripp. I'll bet you this mere of a boggging site that Jack Burrell trumps Roy Moore in every unethical way including women that Jack had groped. Hell, there are 3 ex employees that have probably been sexually assaulted by Jack Burrell but they aren't going to say anything until they collect their money FIRST.  They will be getting as most of us are putting it, time paid for doing absolutely nothing. That's been going on for years in Fairhope. Bitches want money!!! You won't believe what Jack Burrell had gotten out of it. I'm jealous!!! Sorry MOFO!!!!