---
title: Fox News Brian Kilmeade Sux
date: 2017-11-19 22:35:02
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Hey Ripp. Who gives a shit what opinion Fox News Host Brian Kilmeade. Said he would kick Roy Moore's head in if Moore asked one of his daughters and that all the allegations were obscene. Piss on this nobody. Do we know for a fact that Fox News Hist Brian Kilmeade hasn't ever sexually assaulted one of his own daughters????  No. Maybe one of his daughters will come out and tell us one day that their Daddy sexually assaulted them. We do not know this for a fact????  This is the Fods honest truth!!!  I'm sure that he is a fine example of a person and father and I feel the same way he does. But there are a lot of people that would cave in his worthless head just for accusing someone of being right about an allegation being made up about him and we still do not know if it's true or not. So I say to you Fox News Host Brian Kilmeade. Shut the hell up until there is proof. Don't slam every Christian there is because all this is going on. You are a mere speck on the wall at Fox News, probably why you are making such a stupid fuss, and you certainly are no Hannity. Grow up punk. Shut your mouth and do your job. YOU DID NOT MENTION ONE THING THAT YOU TRIED TO DO TO FIND OUT IF ANY ALLEGATIONS ARE TRUE OR FALSE. So get busy and do some work and please don't sexually harass any of your Daughters. Thank you Fox News Wimpy Host Brian Kilmeade. Go get us some TRUE evidence instead of just talk. Trump would have already whooped your little pathetic ass just for Fake News by assuming its ALL true. Yes, ole Trump would kick your ass in less than 5 minutes. I hope you find out something to confirm or deny the truth. Leave your Daughters alone and get to work asshole. Isn't so easy to blame something on someone just because someone made a statement. Hell, Roy Moore didn't keep them from being able to talk properly.  When they talk, they sound like they are about 5 years old and have never been to school. F the Washington Post. All you liberals and Mitch McConnell along with all the republicans  can shove all this straight up your asses. Show me proof and I'll will walk with you until my feet bleed and I pass out.