---
title: JW Montrose
date: 2021-11-12 07:22:10
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 The government used our money to create covid.

- Paid Fauci and funded gain of function research in China (while also performing some very questionable animal activities)
- Fauci lied and called Rand Paul a liar under oath. Media ignored it. It’s been proven.
-Fauci emails proved he’s lied on multiple occasions.
-Swamp didn’t care because who can even manage where all the money is going among all the open pockets these days.
-The Feds, rather than address these, threatened and intimidated parents at a Texas school board meeting.
-Media &amp; Feds don’t GAF about the actual dossier facts. Completely ignored.
-KR case has been blown wide open by even the smallest semblance of actual analysis and critical thinking. Media ignored.
-Biden approval rating is 30%. Media ignores.
-Unspeakable war crimes and crimes against humanity happening in Afghanistan as a direct result of nothing short of pure incompetence. Billions of $$ lost, thousands of American forces lives, and years of waste for nothing. Media won’t report on anymore.
-Supply chain issues and inflation through the roof. Media tells you that it’s a good thing.
-Mask mandates for a 99.7% or higher survival rate for what’s basically a flu.
-Vaccine mandates. An actual medical inoculation mandate that’s shown to be purely a big pharma coordination for profits.
-Record levels of wealth exchange and income gap expansion.
-If you play nice, we might let you have Christmas. Keep paying your taxes you little bitch.

-Let’s fricking Go, Brandon!