---
title: Votet
date: 2021-06-23 12:30:09
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I prefer the term "encouraged" over "rigged."  The term "encouraged" implies an evolving outcome.   
Catalysts don't rig elections - they plan for the victory.  Let me give you two examples:
1. In order to get their candidates elected in the Daphne elections, they knew that minorities would not vote for their candidates.  So what do they do?  They "consolidate all the precincts to the Civic Center except one - Precinct 6 which is Timber Creek, a.k.a. Catalyst Central - North.  In turn they close down two minority precincts.
2. Catalyst hates district-wide elections and favors at-large elections because district level voting dilutes their candidates' supporters and concentrates minorities' support.  When the election was held for this, a single voting booth was placed outside with a long line that would discourage the voters who wanted to vote for a change.  Meanwhile, the "regular election was held in the Civic Center with multiple voting lines.  Pretty clever, would you not say?
This is why you will NEVER EVER see Twin Beech come into the city until the gentrification coming from Point Clear moves northward.  By then the local minorities will be driven out.  By then, the real estate people who support Catalyst will make bank, increase the housing prices, and then watch the Fairhope Catalyst Council finally take in Twin Beech Road.
By the way, it is Twin Beech and NOT Twin Beach.  As an old timer that road was named that for the trees and not for the nonexistent water line.