---
title: Jester Triple-Six
date: 2017-08-05 17:18:52
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Paul, you have given this mayor a free pass on everything.

In the bigger picture of things, you have an audit function. That internal audit function reports to the board, and not the CEO directly, usually a dotting line. That is standard operating procedure within public companies. The City Treasurer is appointed by the council members. Her job is to ensure all the accounts payables are managed properly among other things. She would ensure there is enough detail on all invoices to provide a clear audit trail. She is to communicate with the council members if there are problems within the city concerning AP that the mayor wanted to manipulate. 

What if a CEO placed tracking software on the internal auditor's computer? They would be fired! 

The tracking software on the city treasures computer is so serious that it should have created a criminal probe.

Placing this spyware on others computers was morally wrong but placing this on the city treasures computer is a breach of internal controls. I would recommend the City Council Members create a position of the internal auditor that directly reports to the council, and on a dotted line to the mayor. The internal auditor will be on an unannounced audit schedule to audit certain functions within the city and can be used by the mayor to do the same if she needs something audited. 

What Mayor Wilson did by having the invoices lack detail, then place tracking software on her computer is