---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-06 19:12:54
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 WELL, I can't wait!!!!  The time is almost here!! It about 6:30 on Sunday evening on this day, August 6th, 2017. That means that in less than 220 hours we all will be able to tell Boom Boom Trip Pittman that he is no longer needed and congratulate him as being the sorriest politician, businessman and Lying Bible thumping (hypocrite) and your buddies (there are a crap pile of you) that we have known and have had to put up with not just while you have been in office but for many, many years before. I know of no other person that needs to be thrown out on top of his head and to hang his head in shame for being truly the sorriest PERSON that I think I have personally have known for the past 40 years. I have personally stood beside you, sat in meetings with you and read all the bull crap that you actually stand for. The only thing you give a crap about are two things and God is not even one of them. It's yourself and money of course. You have traveled this road all of your life and that possibly may have earned you a first-class ticket straight to hell. The only good thing I can say about Trip Pittman and the pathetic path in life that he himself has chosen is that Fairhope Council President Jack Burrell has had his own his feet walking on the same path along side Trip Pittman for several years now and there is no getting off the same path for Jack Burrell. Along with a few of his buddies too!  So I say to you with the greatest of Joy in my heart and knowing that God has listened to my prayers and has played the biggest part in that you finally will become no one except THE sorriest ex politician in Alabama and the rest of the U.S. and also not much of a decent human being either. I bid farewell to you Trip Pittman. This election was a gift from God himself. We will be rid of you sooner since Governor Kay Ivey has made the suffering even shorter. So long Trip Pittman. I cannot say that it's been a pleasure. I forgive you and I know that God forgives you. I don't wish any ill harm towards you. But, I certainly hope that nothing positive for you ever comes into your life after all that you have taken from good people and that the sun will never shine on you and your dark and pathetic lies and life that only YOU are responsible for. Greed is a terrible thing. You are the poster child for that word for sure.  If I should see you one day in Heaven then I know you must have really worked hard and straitened out your life. I really hope so. If I don't see you. I'm sure the people that you meet in hell will all get along with you just dandy!  Thanks for all the screwing and especially all the lies!  You are without a hint of doubt, one of the all time greatest!