---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-06 23:32:31
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Jester Triple six  dumbass has 6 out of 19 posts as of 11:15 august 6th. Shut the fu$k up Jester. Ripp. Why would you not just cut this fool out of posting. Everyone knows and has seen the way that he and the council buddies have taken advantage of the voting that you use to have on this site. There was no one that didn't see plain as day that they purposely racked up according to the yes or no that they wanted to. Any person that does not scroll right past any Jester Triple-Six post realize that he is just a stupid, warped individual that is causes trouble. I can tell you that this person lives a double life and has threatened people on other post sites. He is dishonorable and one day he will find out that people who threaten, call people names and accuse others of untrue things will pay a price. Jester Triple-Six is a person that there Ass cannot cash they check that Their mouths write. Enough said. What bullshit can one person be allowed to keep posting. Admin of the Ripp Report need to do their job. We are not being entertained. Just a few weeks ago there were a couple of people who said that anonymous 2 even got to Jester Triple-Six while complaining about anonymous 2 and basically giving thumbs up to what Jester continues to post. What is wrong with you people. I have no doubt how many stupid people including Jester has got to get their fix on this post and that's just shameful. But hey, what else has Jester proved to is. Nothing. I'm sure he will tell us over and over again. But it's still nothing.