---
title: Shut Up
date: 2017-08-08 16:43:29
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Jester Triple-Six and Truth Teller make fools of each other everyday and every article they say the samethibg. Attacks on the Mayor and acting like they know everything  about Everything! while ruining this posting site with all their stupidity and accusations and spitting fire back on anybody that attempts to tell them they are idiots and losers themselves when even at best someone will asked them to discuss the article at hand and they still want to BS and tell everyone how great they are and ask why don't we talk about the Mayor? Well, the most recent Ripp Report concerns the US seat and State Senate seat of Alabama and some of it's candidates. But Jester Triple-6 and Truth Teller have said nothing after posting half of the 73 comments on or Against the Mayor or more attacks off subject of course. They are a joke to this site for anyone that is even trying at  the very least, to find out what is THE CURRENT article is about and the opinion of others, without all the BS posting about other subjects that have nothing to do, Again, with the current Wednesday or Friday Ripp report! This has been going on for MONTHS!!! and even the people that just read and don't even post have had it. Jester Triple-6 and Truth Teller should write their own Blog and have people comment on them and shut up regarding the Ripp Report. Go bug the hell out of Gulf Coast News. They are certainly a better fit for you two misfits. Thank you.