---
title: True Christians
date: 2017-08-13 23:43:29
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Do not worry.  The true Christians of not only Fairhope but, all Christians near and fare no exactly what a sorry sob that Trip Pittman has been his entire life. Please take note that such rude and sorry ass people such as former Fairhope mayo Tim Kant and city Councilmen Jack Burrell have been involved the entire time that Trip Pittman has screwed us up the ass. Let's make this very clear. We know the people and especially the people who have supported Trip Pittman now and in the past are just as damed as he is. So those who are thinking about runnning in the future. I would be Very careful that I did not let on that you were or are a Trip Pittman supporter. Because all of US will be watching very closely and have been for several years. We know who you are and we will shut you down before you cast your next vote for Trip Pittman. The crosshairs are upon you and after Tuesday we will be working on taking out Jack Burrell as well as Tucker Dorsey as these 3 men have more or less lied and bullshitted there way with one main subject. "CHRIST HIMSELF!!!!  Well I well share one thing with you at this very second. Tripp Pittman, Tucker Dorsey and Jack Burrell have nothing but shame towards what Christ is all about. I believe that with all my heart and my Christian upbringing will all go to HELL without one vote to let them in heaven. Trust me all good and decent citizens, Trip Pittman, Tucker Dorsey and Jack Burrell are all the exact images of the Devil himself. You want examples. Just ask preacher, pastor or any man of God and they not allow themselves to come close with lucifer him very self. Any pastor that would tell you that Trip Pittman, Tucker Dorsey or Jack Burrell that they are good Christian men should never be able to stand at a pulpit or preach the word or God without punishment from the Lord almighty himself. You cannot hide behind the work Christian or your so called Preacher while screwing people out of their daily living and companies losing contracts because these three son of bitches have gotten away with everything except murder. God should cut out Pittman's, Dorsey's and Burrell's tongue for their awful lies and the way they have all treated the hard working man or woman. They all could care less about anybody besides themselves. Sorry sob's!!!  You will see the minimum overall votes that Trip Pittman will get on Tuesday and this will mark the beginning of getting the other Two assholes out of office. Watch and witness this true word of God and Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior as it will be done in Christ's name we pray. Amen!!!!