---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-14 00:02:02
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I would hope that all Decent people will realize that after Tuesday there will no longer be a need for Trip Pittman, Tucker Dorsey and especially Jack Burrell who all basically think that women are not worth anything and are far less than men themselves. This has been going on for years and now it's time for it to come to a end. These 3 sorry asses have worn God on there sleeves everytime they have asked you for anything, voted for anything and most of all!!!! Driving all over the place drunk while the say God told them to do it. Crap!!! These 3 no good, worthless sob's want you to think that God leads them where they go. Their own pastors know that they are worthless and them themselves are worthless, but cannot seem to do without the contributions that they receive. Devil's work at the finest. They all should be ashamed of themselves. Their pastors do not know the true meaning of the word "CHRISTIANS".  They all will reap what they sow. God has spoken to me just as Pittman, Dorsey and Burrell has put in your minds all these years.  Bullshit is not a sinful word because that's the word Pittman, Dorsey and Burrell and let's not forget about Kant, the worst Mayor Fairhope, maybe the second? Has ever seen. Can't tell for sure what politician is the 2nd worst ever in Alabama. Pittman will always hold that and those who have supported him in the past will now suffer financial troubles after screwing all the municipalities in Baldwin Co and the rest of the state of Alabama which in turn hurts all Americans!!!!