---
title: Pleased Voter
date: 2017-08-15 23:23:19
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 7%!!!  That's all the votes Trip Pittman could total up across the entire state of Alabama. A very distant 4TH place!!  As far as I am concerned Trip Pittman will only see less money and get fewer contracts than he ever has had as owner of Pittman Tractor company. There is a group of people that has and will continue to be monitoring Trip Pittman and Pittman Tractor Company and if they find any criminal activity or more unethical claims, they will take proper and effective action, including watching over  the leftover monies that could be close to $300,000 in the Trip Pittman campaign fund.  The people have spoken and when Trip Pittman announced that he would be running for the Alabama US Senate after "GOD" told him to. Well I think God has spoken too and with only  7% of the votes we can finally begin the process of flushing him out of the state and local corruption that he has been apart of for a very long time. Local and other equipment contractors and companies. Get ready. We are going to make it a more level playing field. Pittman, a man who wears God on his sleeve while telling lies and screwing the public every day. Hypocrite 7% Trip Pittman. The people have spoken!!!!  You should be ashamed of yourself!!! See you Sunday?  Jack Burrell, You're NEXT!!! Tim Kant. I'd stay under that rock that you have been hiding under. I can tell you that's the best place for you to be! The crap stops NOW!!!  We have not forgotten about a couple of Baldwin County Commissioners either. DUI Chris Elliot for instance.