---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-16 00:41:56
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 What does it tell you when Trip Pittman comes in 4th place in the republican election for the Alabama US Senate seat. He only got 7% of the statewide votes. 
Moore got 6 times more votes
Strange got 5 times more votes and
Mo Brooks even got twice the votes that Trip Pittman received. That's awful!  Isn't Pittman the one that said God told him to run for US Senate and is a sitting Alabama State Senator and tells everyone what a Christian he is while getting rich off an oil boom contracts and that he basically unethically gave it to himself and then polluted the waterways by having the anchor ropes cut and leaving them out there. Even After! getting paid to remove them. Etc etc etc etc etc. What a pathetic human being and what's even more pathetic is the number of votes that he only received. A sitting Alabama Senator for years and he only Gets 7% of the statewide votes!!!!! Explain that one to me. Does he really attend Fairhope United Methodist Church with Jack Burrell. What a great Church. I hope that Pittman or Burrell are not on their finance committee or for that fact, any committee!  Great Church. They do so much for the Community. I hope Pittman isn't taking advantage of the Church like I think he is. Burrell either!  Please everyone continue to support this church (it's not their fault one of the biggest sinners and 2 of the worst politicians are members). My family and I have been blessed for many years with all the great things that this Church has offered and continues to offer. No sin for anyone to Change Churches. Might be a blessing for all of us Pittman and Burrell. Hope y'all consider it and quit using the word God and Christian everytime y'all open your mouths. We are not fools!!!! You do not care, but you both are making fools of yourselves and have done so for many years. Over and over again. I see nothing Christian about the way you 2 treat other people both personally and in business. I think 7% pretty much sums up Trip Pittman.