---
title: 
date: 2021-05-15 16:52:19
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Find out any candidate that uses Scott Boone Consulting or is funded by Cox, DR Horton, the local real estate association, or the home builders.  This is the tell-tale sign that they are Catalyst/Scott Boone.  This information can be found on the Candidate's Report that must be filed weekly with the Secretary of State during the campaign season.
Now remember:  The candidates may not pay Scott Boone until AFTER the election to hide that they are in the Cabal.  
Another SURE way is to ask the candidate during the campaign season if they use Scott Boone Consulting or whatever name it will try to morph into to hide tracks.  If the candidate gets defensive then that is a sign.  Another sign is to ask the politician about his or her feelings on impact fees.  If he or she says no, then that is an 90% accurate sign that he or she is owned by the Catalyst Cabal.
Two of the County Commissioners except Billie Jo use Catalyst.  I am not sure about Skip Gruber.
Harry D'Olive is not Catalyst.  He ran against a Catalyst and beat him.  Jodie Wise Campbell is NOT Catalyst.  Catalyst tried to oust her but she held her own last election.
Another way to spot a Catalyst is to go and read the old "Baldwin Insider" articles which were written by Catalyst mouthpieces.  If they slam on a politician then the person they slam on is not Catalyst.  The exception to this is Dane Haygood.  Haygood was a founder of Catalyst and used Boone in his elections until Dane started micromanaging and Catalyst turned against him. 
As you can see, Catalyst is HUGE here in this part of the state.  The voters MUST be aware of how this group is funded by the developers and finance the campaign of the politicians.
To answer your question of how do we get out of this Catalyst rut?  Learn who they are and vote them out!