---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-08-25 21:23:14
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Carlos Marcello was merely a 'tomato' salesman; perhaps he and Corte shared a roadside vegetable stand!

I was shocked when I read this verdict. No words!  However, wasn't Corte quoted as stating that he bought the government that he wanted?  Yes, and he added Robert Brown to his club in the last election.  Karma may be unkind to Brown for being Corte's Trojan horse.  

I have an idea that may help Fairhope if we can make it happen. We need to get the national media involved in exposing the fraud/ignorance of the city and county.  For decades, crooked administrations buried the sewage spill/infrastructure problems and paid off anyone who threatened to expose same.  This area has no real media and definitely no investigative reporters.  Reporters must be afraid of the wrath of the goobers if they tell the truth; hence, we are left with only Burrell's Blog, the Gulf Coast News Today (truly, my own Facebook page has more news than that)!  Additionally, there is no budget anywhere for investigative reporting......if no one is watching, the truth goes to hell!

 I  have somewhat 'connections'  to both Willy Stern and T. Rees Shapiro (of Forbes, Business Week, etc and Washington Post, respectively).   Willy &amp; Trees both love to expose corruption....would the Ripp Report be willing to forward documents to them if we could get them interested in this?  I think that the best thing to do would be to have one of them publish to NYT, Forbes or Wash Post that Fairhope, Alabama is blooming with flowers but that all of the sewage goes straight into the Bay where we can no longer safely sail/kayak.  (Any photo ops of the Boone &amp; Burrell kids hanging out in the Creek/Bay?????)
  
Local media is afraid of the story b/c they are afraid of the B Bullies, but we need to let the country know to NOT come to Mobile Bay b/c of the corruption that could cost you your life.  I moved here because I believed it to be so idyllic.......until Karin Wilson became Mayor, Fairhope did not admit to the sewage in the Bay.  She is not perfect but she is trying to let us know what has  been happening here for decades. 

Our City Council President, Jack Burrell, quite nonchalantly stated at the last Council meeting, that these massive sewage spills are unavoidable.   I bet that if we all post every disgusting sewage spill possible to all national media that we may be able to get someone to research and fix the problem.

Everyone.......take photos and post to every website possible!!!  Maybe the Council will take a second look!