---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-08-28 20:51:49
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Really? Most boring meeting ever. Burrell was no less condescending than at the  last meeting.   No one said a word about the sewage system....Fairhope residents/voters are clueless.   After tonight's 'non-outrage' of the latest report, it is clear that the sewage will be flowing down the streets soon even if another development is NOT added to the system (fat chance)!

 Given that the Council has already approved more than 500 APARTMENTS to be added immediately, no one other than a fool would continue to stay here.
  
I wish I knew what the problem was with this town.  I don't think that the residents are stupid, but I guess they are too lazy to care or they believe that, in America, the sewage won't end up in their home/street?  This is Fairhope........sewage is everywhere now.  I can't even walk my dog at the Orange Street Pier (the geese are gone and so are the excuses)!   And check out the great new Dogwood development (beautiful homes but, according to the Fairhope Times' photos, with toilet paper and feces in the streets......makes me want to buy a $600,000 home that is awesome (other than the sewage in the street)! 

Post all gross photos to Fairhope Facebook page so that we may be able to get a response!

Also, please engage any national/international media into the discussion and share photos with them.  While Kant is gone, we still have Burrell and Boone (and Brown) encouraging more pollution.  Mayor Wilson has been hijacked by amateurs and those with agendas, but she truly appears to want the best for our City.

I have criticized her staff and will again; if she paid these salaries to experienced political staff, she would not be in that hideous Gulf Coast News Today on its weekly witch hunt! 
 Her mistakes are that she depends upon experienced staff to set limits, but she has NO experienced staff.  When the Council approved Botop and Maser, they gave her the rope with which she is hanging herself now.  She has no one to blame other than those two.  If they give a flip about Fairhope and their boss, they will resign asap so that Karin can hire a political asset.

I know that this won't happen; Botop and Maser must be in this for the money b/c they can't get other jobs.   I hate politics!  I love Fairhope but know that this is the time to sell before the feces and toilet paper, etc are on the corner of Fairhope and Magnolia (quite likely soon).
Wake up, Fairhope People!!!!!!  So sorry that this is so long, but I don't understand why you people on Summit and Bayview are content to watch millions of gallons of sewage to pour into our biggest asset (and greatest view).  WAKE UP!!