---
title: Homewood Hero
date: 2019-04-29 07:43:23
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 There is much you can do:  For one, hold them accountable.  Second, run for office or support a candidate that is NOT in that political group down there that is run by the builders.  Look at that lady who ran against that Dorsey fellow - she won.
Third, spread the word about what is happening.  Yes, much of what you say will fall on deaf ears, but if you reach one out of a hundred people then that will be a good start.  Fourth, ask the politicians in public WHY they are letting the builders run them.  Of course the builders OWN the politicians but seeing them squirm and dodge will convey to the public who their true allegiance is to - the builders.
In our part of town up here we fought the builders and we won.  But we know we have to stay vigilant.  When wee see a large tract of land near or neighborhood is being bought by an outside developer, we inform them of the zoning laws and we stay on the council to not issue any variances.  We put OUR people on the council and keep them informed and they keep us informed.
The word is getting out to the developers that it is not worth their effort to overdevelop OUR part of town.
Sure, the developers will cry about property rights - THEIR property rights but not consider OUR property rights when we where here first.
But I think it will take longer before the good people of Baldwin County down there wake up.  Until then, they will continue to run the treadmill of working to pay their mortgages and taxes and hope another cool restaurant will be built to distract them in the meantime.
Sigh.....