---
title: Jester Triple-Six
date: 2017-07-17 01:05:13
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 This has been fun but not real fun. This will be my last post, but before I do this it is time to explain how the Jester came about. I did indeed post on here to show some just how absurd this blog can be. It is really sad sometimes, and not always truthful. I hope the name calling will stop, everyone has family, children and they can find this place. Remember, you leave a digital footprint, everything you post, you send over the net is there for perpetuity. So, please be thoughtful when accusing folks of wrongdoing without proof. 

Jester was my call sign when I flew in the military (Army), and I dropped hits along the way but I guess those that never served didn't pick up on. I thought Ripp would have figured it out but his head was in the wrong place. 

The name came about because I did indeed sing that damn song when flying, and the Triple-Six was added after we went to war.

I would send my wingman to 4,000-ft to hold while I circled low and slow. My other pilots in the unit always stated that I dance with the devil because of the risked I would take so the call sign stuck. You don't get to choose your call sign, but you have to accept it. So, yes, I flew attack in the Amry and flew AH-1S, when we turned our Cobra's in for Apache's I chose to fly fix-wing and had to fly intelligence missions, RC-12's and OV-1's. I am a man!

I never talked much about my time in the military because it haunts me, I resigned my commission after I had a moral moment. Please did not misread me, I love this country and I am proud of my service but America is not always right. The only people that know this about me, outside of my wife is one other person and the men that served with. They knew when they called me on the frequency, usually an FM freq, they knew I would roll in a help.

Yes, I know how to research the deep web, and got caught down there once and my identity was stolen, had to get a new everything and SSN, that was a nightmare. That is why I stated do not venture down there unless you know what you are doing and never trust anyone in the deep web.

I am not Brown, I believe he served in the Calvary, they were the misfits and renegades, we were the attack company. I was an officer and he was enlisted (I think). I dropped more crumbs for everyone to pick up on but...

Unfortunately, I would have added a few more remarks in the letter Brown sent. In the beginning, I really supported the mayor but there have indeed been too many mistakes. In life, most will find when running a company it is about Human Capital. Just because you have the power to do something do not mean when to do a task it right.  

I am a semi-retired executive that decided to have a more work-life-balance and I usually take off in the summer months, so the time to post. I am not a politician but I do listen, and boy, do people like to talk. Besides, I can write much better than Brown. 

I do not know the council and have only met 3 of them briefly. I did enjoy the bookstore but the political environment is sad.

I want to offer a personal apology to Frances Paul Ripp for leading him down a path of no return. It was not funny (to him) when you asked Brown if he was Jester, but the look on Paul's face when Brown said NO, that look was priceless. I probability need to apology to Brown but guys, I tried to tell you I was not Brown. And I warned Ripp not to do it, but that hard head had to do it. 

I must call bingo, return to base to refuel and rearm. On the side of my cockpit was my name: Maj $&amp;#$&amp;* "Jester" !*@$)*&amp;# 

If anyone can figure out who I am they will be a daisy if they do! So with that, I bid each of you farewell!

Strike Fast! Strike Hard!

The day the music died,
We were signing bye bye