---
title: Jester Triple-Six
date: 2017-06-17 22:22:53
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Hurt my feelings? Yeah, I need QKFF to make a safe space, right beside the statue of her, Dean and with Ripp kneeling in front, that will placed in the circle at the pier, so those of us that get their feelings hurt can go. 

LOL...you make me laugh.

Just look at the QKFF's decisions, she campaigned on ending the lawsuits but she is now coming to understand that lawsuits are part of the job. QKFF likes to hide behind lawyers, lawyers that are paid with our money. QKFF doesn't realize that the only person that wins in a lawsuit is the lawyers, and they will tell you to 'stand your ground' and let us litigate this because they are going to make money. 

Someone need to explain to QKFF on how to eat an elephant - one bite at a time. She wants to spend money on this, let us expand the golf course so more liqueur sales can occur, let the city take over the harbor, let us do this, high-speed internet, et cetera, etc. I would like to see when her sidekick is going to deliver on something tangible and just talk, talk, talk, sniff, sniff, sniff into the microphone, deflect, make excuses. Those that can not get something done points fingers, they like all these studies because they are not capable!   

IF it is true that our infrastructure needs $25,000,000 in repairs, don't you think this is what we need to be focused on? I truly think she likes controversy, she ran her campaign on negativity, points the finger at everyone, then, THEN, QKFF hires her friends that are not qualified and pay them with our money. 

QKFF loves the attention, she craves the attention, QKFF loves to be adored by her supporters but you keep lying to yourself, keep tell yourself QKFF is doing a good job, live the lie! I believe my commentary just may be more than QKFF supporters souls can bear! 

Strike Fast! Strike Hard!

P.S. You know when you have won the argument? When someone begins to use curse words!