---
title: Trumpwonhugely
date: 2021-09-04 01:54:22
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 UPDATE: Father of Wounded Marine at Walter Reed Last Night: “Biden had the audacity to try to visit my son this evening. He was not welcomed”



quote:
An account by a father of a wounded Marine says Joe Biden tried to visit his son last night but Biden was not welcomed by the family. So far that appears to be the only report on Biden’s visit to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland. The White House has been silent on the visit with no photos released, accounts of visits or even reports of Biden awarding Purple Hearts.


quote:
Background on the man’s wounded son followed by his comments on Biden’s attempt to visit last night:


quote:
“Please pray for my son @JesseKellyDC he is a Marine on the ground in Kabul. Still awaiting to hear his status. My heart is full of rage.”


quote:
“Finally heard from our son! He has a severe concussion. Both ear drums ruptured. Both of his arms are broken and one leg. But thank God he is alive! He is safely in Germany and his mama bear is on the way to his side. Thank you all for your prayers!”


quote:
“Yesterday was the toughest day of my life. My son had a severe infection in his leg and irreparable damage so the decision was made to do a below the knee amputation.”


quote:
“My son is heading home. Next stop Walter Reed. Still a very long road ahead but glad he will be back in the states.”


quote:
“At my sons side today. He is in good spirits all things considered. Infection is under control and thanks be to God his hearing is coming back.”


quote:
“Biden had the audacity to try to visit my son this evening. He was not welcomed. He is lucky I am a calm person…My daughter told me to stand down.”


quote:
“The leadership in the Pentagon namely General Milley failed our troops and the Biden administration’s bumbling of the situation in Afghanistan is the reason 13 of our Soldiers died…So forgive me if I don’t want to meet the man who put my son in harms way. He has blood on his hands. I will never get over what happened on the 26th of August ever!


quote:
“My son will never be whole again physically or mentally. He was yards away from being in a grave himself. Yet people tell us to get over it? It was his job. REALLY! Shame on them. I pray nothing bad ever happens to their child.”