---
title: Citizen
date: 2019-12-07 01:40:35
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 God speed Ripp!  Thank you for your service. I’m afraid that majority of the men in Fairhope are missing their balls and the rest of them are playing with them at the Gully that they are trying to once again develop. Can’t leave out the women of Fairhope. They too are scared shitless because they either have cowards for husbands or they are treated like dogs themselves. I’ve see it all especially during the last few years. The City Council treats people like crap while fleecing this city of everything that good. What’s left of it anyways!  We keep letting this go on and turning the blind eye like so many of the Very Small Citizens do each and every day will result in nothing more than “I told you so!”  Never in my life have I witness a town such as Fairhope that the people either don’t give a crap or too sorry to let scumbag like we have ruin it for us, our kids and our grandkids. But, you know what?  It all boils down to the people of this town being scared of Burrell and the pricks that flank him on the City Council. 6 years as president of the Council. LOL!  The pathetic others kiss his ass and say thank you will making us all look like a bunch of  dumb asses. Good luck all you cowards. You really are getting what you deserve!  Dishonesty and thieves stealing you blind of what used to be a wonderful city. Remember that every person that has challenged Jack Burrell and the rest of the Council has made them cower down. We just need it to continue and happen on a more regular basis.