---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-06-14 20:23:33
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I agree with much of what you have written. However, Mayor Wilson owes the 'citizens' and voters of Fairhope an explanation of why she has chosen to give such high-paying positions to two of her friends, both of whom seem to lack education and relevant experience.  This is a major topic of conversation in Fairhope, but our Mayor does not feel that the taxpayers deserve any explanation as to why these jobs were never posted nor interviewed, nor why she hired the bottom rung of all possibilities.   If she wonders why the City Council is now suddenly gaining support against her, it is because of her own lack of transparency.  She is seemingly caught in a revolving door with her loser friends who are dependent upon her for a job and an income.  If she wants to support them so badly, she should hire them at Page &amp; Pallette;  Fairhope taxpayers don't need to pay these ridiculous salaries for high school grads with no prospects.  I voted for her, believed in her and now wish that I could take back my vote........I know at least 100 people with the same opinion and I am relatively new here and don't know many people at all.  Please, to anyone who loves Fairhope and knows Karin, talk to her!  The saddest thing of all is that now we are all rooting for the Council and we know that at least two of them are criminals.  Now we are trying to choose between the lesser of the two evils......I think the Council is winning b/c at least they have always had PAYING jobs.
I hate what this is doing to Fairhope but I no longer blame the Council.  The Council gave her the budget to hire professionals; with the salaries they approved, we could have acquired the best of the best from all over the country.  I totally agree with the Council's decision to take all financial decisions over $2500 out of her hands; she is ill advised by her high school buddies!