---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-06-18 12:09:21
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 So much to say.  Of course the likelihood is that Burrell is the one who gave the Mayor's attorney's letter to the National Enquirer, er, Gulf Coast Media.  I'm not sure who the Jester is (though what an appropriate posting name!) but again, let's go with likelihood, Burrell.  I don't even read his replies any more because it's like listening to a sixth-grader.  Maybe that's how Burrell thinks he can fool us with "Jester", because the writing is so unlike Burrell's slick and pseudo-polite outward appearance.

QUOTE:  "Mayor Wilson owes the ‘citizens’ and voters of Fairhope an explanation of why she has chosen to give such high-paying positions to two of her friends, both of whom seem to lack education and relevant experience."  How bizarre!  Lack education and relevant experience?  Have you looked at their resumes?  On what are you basing this assertion?  Information fed you from other "sources"?  Because what you're saying is simply untrue and can easily be disproved - if you wanted to expend the effort to do so.  But maybe it's just easier to go with the flow, truth be damned.

QUOTE (although I feel stupid for quoting a moron:  " I’ve yet to hear anyone that is happy with her, and I have asked so many people that vote and have not hear one good word. Many of them voted for her, they have said they are so disappointed. "  Again, you can say anything you want.  I can say: "I've yet to hear anyone who is unhappy with her and I have asked so many people that voted and have heard nothing but good words.  Many of them voted for her, they have said they are so happy!"  See how that works?  It means nothing.

Now, on to Lawyer Tut.  This man has a crappy reputation as an attorney, he's dug into the job he's held for years and he needs to retire before his mind completely goes.  Enough about that.

To those who say the Mayor is ill-equipped to run the City.  What specifically, does it take for someone to be well-equipped?  Being a horticulturist?  What about being a misogynistic blowhard with LDS?  I want my mayor to be honest with the ability - and more importantly the DESIRE - to weed out all the dirt and corruption and payoffs and money-under-the-table and good-old-boy-handshake-deals and listen to ME, go out into the community and talk to ME, give regular informational meetings where I and people like me get to ask questions and actually receive an answer.  And finally - that's what we've got!