---
title: Gerald The Engineer II
date: 2018-06-24 19:58:40
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 The meeting tomorrow night:
My prediction...
Total sh*tshow. Jack and Boone and the gang go ape and demand at large
council postions to dilute the mayor's power further and to solidify 
their miscreant, profitable ways. The council has robbed the citizens 
blind. Unlevel soccer fields built by Boone's son for millions. An alleged
pedophile running the meetings. A thirteen million payout to the Dyas
Family called "a park." Pumping hot crap in the bay for thirty years and
nobody "gives a sh*t!" I am so disgusted with this place.  I cannot
believe we have let all these people into Fairhope. Our schools are
overcrowding with trailers. Our ed superintendent is in bed with the machiine
because the county commission machine members fund their largesse.
I fear that Fairhope, if continued on the path it is headed, will within
five years be a place few will want to live. Traffic is going to be 
terrible with Corte's new 300 apartments. We have grinder pumps within a
quarter mile of Thomas Hospital. We haven't had a jubilee in years. Jack
Burrell is being sued for violating the United States Constitution's
guarantee of basic free speech. Robert Brown got $650k to "fix" a building
for the arts center. He is building his dream home on fly creek, the same
tributary he's polluting with the Corte apartment complex. The FBI was
camped out in fairhope for two weeks recently investigating FEMA fraud
under the council of Boon and Burrell. Jay Robinson talks to himself on 
the dais, pontificating about whether or not he should speak. Burrell
refuses to step down. Claims he is doing a great job. Says the posting
of his police report involving a minor is not him--but his son. Sherry
Sullivan is running for Mayor. Tim Kant wants to run for congress.
Until the next election it is all b.s. Burrell is like a mule. A stubborn
ass. Fairhope must expose his wickedness and bullying and get rid of him.
The airport is a black hole under his guidance. Jack makes punks of 
the chief and zunk in a matter of weeks. He is a man possessed, out of 
control. It is a shame our city has come to this. I am afraid if burrell
isnt removed and completely new blood put on the council -- at least
three new karin supporters--then there's no help for fairhope. Karin needs
a majority. Let's make it happen. Come together as a community and solve
our sewerage problems and clamp down on the growth.