---
title: Get Real
date: 2017-07-28 23:32:40
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Well I certainly do not miss anonymous 2. I can't help to see that there are 15 comments as of 11:08 pm and 3 are Jester of course. Some people who actually thought the anonymous 2 comments where getting in the way. I looked back at all the truly hateful and childish post without haveinf merit most of the time by Jester Triple-Six. The Ripp Report must have hired him to begin with to stir all this crap up. None of this would have gotten to this point if it were not for Jester Triple-Six.  Also, if someone uses someone's established handle the admin said it would not post it. Well then, I would be careful posting on this site whatsoever if the admin can tell if you are not the person that uses a handle. This must mean that the admin of the Ripp Report must know who you are whether you are anonymous or using someone's handle???  If people were not upset about Jester Triple-Six comments for the past several months and can only complain about anonymous one, two or whatever. This seems to be a very sad site to visit and even more to actually post something. It's really just that simple. I will take silly over hatefulness and post that are demeaning to the larger percentage of those that I know who are good people with the values that I have appreciated for many years. I can't forget just by snapping my fingers the awful and hateful comments made by Jestet Triple-Six. Does he work for the Ripp report to store things up. There were no comments made by the admin concerning the crap that I would not want anyone to read. This site is really becoming the joke of Baldwin County and a lot of the rest of the State of Alabama. If you can track who I am since you know if someone is using somebody's handle other than their own? Then call me out right now this second!!!!