---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-07-30 11:44:53
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Well said about the way Trip Pittman uses Christ as a pulpit for his political agenda. We know this to be true because both Pittman and Jack Burrell use the same tactics. Trip lies and steals and Jack lies, gets drunk at school fundraisers and talks down to everyone especially women who in the Lord's eyes are just as equal as men. Fact: 99% of all politicians who are bible thumpers and brag on having such events as their prayer breakfast. Don't know 90% of what the Bible teaches and are not true Christians. I can assure you that both Pittman and Burrell pray for only one thing. More money and how to get it. They both should be asking for forgiveness from not just God, but ALL of us as well. I was brought up to forgive. I was also brought up to not forget and allow corruption to continue without doing my part in helping to stop it. As far as Pittman is concerned. That won't be to hard to do and will end soon. Burrell is just a matter of time and I'm watching how disrespectful he is to everyone and watched as the rest of the councilmen were embarrassed by what they call their leader. That's happening more and more. Those of them that continue on believing in Jack Burrell will also be forced out of office. The tone is changing. If the Council or the Mayor does not shape up. We will all ship them out together. Burrell will be gone. The Mayor and the rest of the Council need to chose more wisely in the future.