---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-07-30 21:04:05
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 UPTON.  I have read the Ripp report for a long time. There was certainly one article where Anonymous 2 went all out on Jester and I agree with some of you that said it was ridiculous and even got to Jester himself. Well. I think that anonymous 2 might have done it just for that reason. For months we have had to put up with the out of controlled comments from Jester Triole-Six. Anonymous 2 I am certain they accomplished their mission and that is to point out what crap we were having to put up with Jester. The Ripp Report administration should have done something MONTHS ago before we let Jester make fools of the Ripp Report and all of us who were trying to enjoy it. It took anonymous 2 just one story to finally get people to stand up, including the Ripp Report to finally at least attempt to tone what had been out of control posting months before Anonymous 2 made their point. If it got they got to Jester and the Ripp Report I'm glad. Taking posting on one story to get Ripp's attention means that they should always remember that it was Jester Triple-Six that began months ago posting the hateful and degrading post that I personally couldn't believe were allowed in the first place. Let's all post kindly and if we can't. There is no reason to even read this site or for sure read the post or make a post. I have challenged several months ago with several agreeing comments. Let's not let it get out of had and stupid again!!!