---
title: Ben Baldwin
date: 2018-10-25 23:12:19
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Ben Fed Up In Baldwin
Ripp, thank for highlighting the women candidates, all running for important positions in our county.
But I think we should not consider any of these candidates for their political affiliation, or gender. I think we should look at it like a job interview.  There is one race in particular that needs our attention: 
       FAUST vrs MASHBURN-MYRICK
I think Joe Faust is out of touch. He needs to put his retirement package together and move along. I have heard him say he loves people and loves helping people. Well, first of all, good, that is wonderful. But know this, it was and is your job to do help, this job is not a ride on the Christmas Parade float, drifting down the road waving at everyone. Joe is nice, but we don’t need nice, we need someone smart, professional and that can make a plan and act on it. 
What we need is someone who knows how to determine the problems, find solutions, write and propose legislation to correct those issues. That should have been Joe’s job title for the past 15 - years, and he has not done much of anything that I can see. 
 The insurance rates for homeowners are still sky high, there is no co/op. Joe even said, the roads are “clogged up”....who says that? Clogged up? Try congested. And what pray tell have you planned and implemented in all of these years? You said the bay “smelled like a cesspool”? What happened to all of that BP money? Have you publicly challenged Tim Kant and Trip Pittman about the allocation of funds for your district? Have you publicly jumped up and down because our large tax base for education is not staying in Baldwin County? Have you jumped up and down and made a scene about turning down all of that federal Medicaid money? The people of your district voted for you to be their advocate, to fight and work hard for them. 
No, you just chuckle, pat everyone on the back and invite ‘um up for some mullet caught from the cesspool. Stay under the radar, Joe, you think that no one will notice what you haven’t and won’t do. They will just keep paying your salary to ride to Muntgumry and yuck it up with your buddies. 
Please don’t make this race about Democrats vrs Republicans. Make this race about the person who will do the best job. Please hire and vote for Danielle. We need her in this district. We have needed a champion for our district for a very long time.
Danielle has prepared herself for this opportunity through her education, her work experience and then her personal life experiences have made her both passionate and determined to make changes for us. 
Thank you for reading my thoughts.
We have to make some changes.