---
title: True Truth on Pinocchio Joe
date: 2018-10-31 09:16:50
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 ApparentlyTHE REAL TRUTH, you know absolutely nothing about what value Joe’s experience has brought or lends to OUR district. 
I do know a lot of truth. Some of it relevant, some not. 
I know a lot of dirt about him, but I am trying to be polite and not take that route. I am going to set some things straight as I have know him and have known a few of his friends and relatives throughout the years. Nice folks, by the way.
 I have heard a lot around town about him. I have also been asked not to say anything, or do anything to hurt him or his campaign.  I will only say what I know and think everyone has a right to know about his record. How’s that?!
Joe does a lot of talking. Joe is easy to influence and control by those who support him, and does exactly what those supporters tell him to do. That can be good for those who contribute to his campaign and bad for those who don’t. Many see it as a sign of weakness. You can hand out peppermint candy and sit on the front row of your church and that doesn’t make you perfect. 
With that being said, my Mom knew him when he was the route milkman. (Pinocchio Joe was never was a manager of Woodhaven Dairy.)  He would drive a milk truck and go from house to house, pick up expired milk and deliver the dairy fresh milk from his milk truck.  It has been said that he would talk to a door even if it wasn’t listening. When my Dad would be off on occasions, Joe would drop in to make his milk delivery and my Dad would always remark that he never knew how the milk wasn’t expired again before he finished his route. 
Joe left a tidbit out of his resume, his insulation business. Wonder why he left that enterprise out? 
Throughtout his work career, he was also an insurance salesman, he had route sales for liberty national and then woodman of the world. 
(  Pinocchio Joe - don’t think this constitutes being an insurance broker) 
( Pinocchio Joe, did you get a degree from Faulkner State or just attend a couple of classes on the GI Bill) 
Finally, he found his niche in life, politics. He was elected as Baldwin County commissioner, normally a part time position and he was supposedly selling insurance at the same time. Next, he ran for State Representative against Walter Penry. He defeated Penry who had been in office for almost 20 years. ( Pinocchio Joe said he wouldn’t run again after he served a 2nd term) Joe’s platform, when running against Penry, was that Penry had been in office too long.
Here we are todayalmost 29 years later, with Good ‘Ol Joe still in office. He has plenty of time experience, helping individuals with their needs. If you run into a problem, he picks up his flip phone and gives them a shout on your behalf, sure does! He is more of a liaison as he knows who does what and can put you in touch or introduce you to the right person to help you. Sort of a government level Walmart Greeter. 
 He helped his friend, Randy Davis’ with his plot to make Blue Cross and Blue Shield pay for treatments in a clinic that Randy had ownership in. He should have know that was unethical and he participated anyway by having treatments in the clinic for the purpose of giving testimony to how well the treatments worked with an end result of a law being written to force the insurance companies to pay for services in the diabetes clinics. Folks, these are NOT the kind of laws that we need our experienced representatives attaching their names to. This sounds like a license to write laws that personally benefit the representatives not the constituents. This sounds like all of these guys know the ropes too well and how to make them work for personal game. What they didn’t count on was going against Blue Cross Blue Shield. They are right up there with RSA &amp; Southern Company in controlling what does and does not happen in this State. All of a sudden, Joe is Representative A, and testifies against his long time friend. That angers me about him:  for not being strong enough to tell Randy that his ploy was not ethical and he would have no part of it and that he would turn on Randy and give information against him. 
When there were rumors of Pittman and Kant taking BP money out ( everyone in town knew about it) and not putting it back into our community. Why didn’t Joe PUBLICLY challenge them and request an investigation? 
Folks, this is YOUR MONEY AND YOUR DISTRICT. 
When the State siphons our tax dollars out of Baldwin County and redistributed them “equally” among all counties for education, why hasn’t Joe coordinated a media campaign to bring our money or more of it proportionately back to our county? Instead, he says is not opposed to gas taxes for education. I think, after 20 years in office, he could have found a way to write a law to keep more of the money we have already paid in our school systems. We have enough trailers sitting in the back of brick and mortar buildings, simply because our brilliant politicians have not forecasted for growth. 
Same theory about our property insurance rates. We see as much damage to property in the northern regions of the state from tornadoes as we do hurricanes in our district. But do tell, who continues to pay the high insurance rates, folks, it is our district. We are still paying for Katrina and Ivan. Joe says he has helped us with this. My property insurance bill doesn’t reflect his help.  I see no laws he has attached himself to or written to change this.
Poor ol’ Pinocchio Joe is well, he just doesn’t seem capable. He walks around with his cane, he takes photo ops of putting up signs and posing with friends. I doubt if he could dig a hole and put up a sign if his life depended on it. As a matter of fact, I doubt if he ever dug a hole when he was young and capable. Just ask someone who is honest and knew him back in the day. Nice, yes. Loves to visit, yes. Friendly, yes. 
Capable and working to make laws and implement change? I don’t think he understands a thing about it. And that is from looking at his work as a whole. I think he has enjoyed the people of his districts, laughed, found friendships and had a good time on everyone else’s dime. 
So, there. That IS TRUTH!