---
title: Chris E Warner
date: 2020-08-13 04:52:27
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Goliath Was to David as Catalyst Is to Ripp
The Heroic Stories of David and Paul
By Chris Warner

Special to the Ripp Report/BCLE
August 12, 2020



Until the bully is defeated, he reigns.  

Malcolm Gladwell’s book, “David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants,” is a reminder that every warrior has his sun day in the arena, and that every man can be held accountable—especially when he underestimates his opponent; and lets his guard down. 

Gladwell’s book demonstrates how the defeat of the mightily perceived Philistine soldier was not an upset; but a set up. The odds were in little David’s favor from the moment the confrontation began until the giant’s head was lopped off. That is because the unsuspecting shepherd boy, David, spent years preparing for that moment. 

David was the right person, in the right place, at the right time, in the right spirit to face the arrogant giant. The action it took to slay the towering, armor-laden beast was familiar to the upstart.  Untold practice allowed David and his lariat to shuttle a rock or flat stone 70 feet per second, up to 150 yards; and with it he was deadly accurate.

The humble shepherd boy was more powerful than he appeared, and the haughty giant was not as formidable as he looked. David’s faith overcame the fear that froze others in the presence of the bully. To a hammer, everything is a nail. As trained soldiers, Saul’s military experts saw Goliath as a problem with no solution, the most powerful soldier they’d seen. Conventional wisdom and fear worked to paralyze and prevent them from seeing the unconventional solution. 

The fresh eyes of an amateur with the mind of a shepherd and faith of a believer was necessary to defeat the giant. By refusing to allow himself to adapt the defeatist attitude that succumbed others, David, knowing himself, realized he had the proper skill set; and that the perfect opportunity had presented itself. David’s experience and training as a shepherd gave him a different perspective, one that equipped him to slay the giant.  He had done it before.

The experts saw in Goliath an invincible warrior; but through the eyes of a shepherd, David saw a bear, and he knew how to kill one because he’d done it before. David spent countless hours practicing with his sling, preparing for predators that threatened his flock. David was perhaps the only person that day who knew that Goliath was a sitting duck—and he was the only one that mattered.

Some believe God selected David and prepared him for the circumstances. He had the proper training, equipment, strategy, and temperament for the task. The defeat of Goliath was not an upset, it was a set-up; a classic example of how believers prevail over bullies. The miracle was not as much the battle itself as the years of preparation and the confluence of events that placed the shepherd boy in confrontation with the giant. 

Bravery, truth and grace in the face of adversity are the great equalizers for an underdog facing a giant.  No one knows this better than Francis Paul Ripp in Fairhope.  Today he stands defiantly before the CATALYST giant, sling in hand, while the giant laughs.  Goliath also sneered.

Francis Paul Ripp is a former United States Marine sniper.  He served in Viet Nam, earned a Purple Heart and returned to Birmingham, AL. The son of a devout political activist who perished from a heart attack while testifying before the Alabama Public Service Commission over cable rate increases, Paul Ripp was weaned on exercising his Constitutional First Amendment right; and as an adult, he modeled his own mode of protest from his father's singular lead.  Civic activism is in his blood.

Ripp moved to Fairhope in the late 1990s.  Foiled early on by Mayor Tim Kant in a land deal, he sued the Mayor and the City and won a monetary settlement in court.  When he picked up his check from the City of Fairhope he asked to speak to Mayor Kant.  He told him to his face he would work until he defeated him at the ballot box.  Tim Kant was finally defeated in 2016 after Mr. Ripp had the Secretary of State come down and oversee Mayor Kant's father-in-law's counting of the ballots.

Fast forward four years.  Ripp, successful in his efforts to rid Fairhope of Mayor Kant, is now days away from completely changing the government.  Soon, the giant will be slayed, just as in ancient times.

Citizens in Fairhope may be unaware, but there is a hero in their midst...someone brave and uncompromising; someone who knows their strengths; someone who is not afraid to win.

That hero is Francis Paul Ripp—and he is a giant slayer.

Listen to him, stand with him and help him in the coming days, and history will be made.  Fairhope will be saved from the giant, greedy developers known as Catalyst, who wish to fully exploit the city.

Stand tall, loud and proud, for Fairhope.  It is a city worth fighting for, as there are few places like it.


Chris Warner
Fairhope resident, 2004-1014