---
title: Gary Finch
date: 2018-03-16 19:43:27
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I’m not one to get into politics, but there are some on this list that I would give a cup of gasoline to them if they were on fire, I know that sounds mean, but I can assure you that some of them would pour a gallon of gas on top of your head if you were in the same situation. I can assure you that whatever anyone wants to choose to call or think about Sherriff Hoss Mack is fine with me. He’s a grown man and a proven protector and leader. Makes no difference. He has many obligations and the most important one is for him and his deputies and other personnel is to protect all of us citizens in Baldwin County from harm. That, he always has done with great leadership and caring. He might have to put up with work with some of the crazies, but he and his staff make me and my family feel safe, everytime we go out or come home to sleep. Shout out to Major Lowery as well, who as I see it, cares and protects everyone right along with Hoss, just as much as if they were apart of their own family. Keep up the great work!!!  Thanks to Sherrif Hoss and all the Police Departments and the Highway Patrol department in Baldwin County and all the groups of first responders who keep us safe and look after us everyday. My son participated in an exercise just this week in Fairhope. Things work when you stay on top of the issues. Some of the rest of you could take some pointers. Geeze, give, not take all the darn time!!  Look after us like you were not only elected to do, but freakin get paid to do. Can’t or don’t want to do it. Don’t let the door hit you on you ass on the way out!