---
title: Anonymous
date: 2018-03-16 23:49:14
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Clint Chisom, I’m not sure about 
your comment. But let’s not forget how the Governor trusted Trip Pittman with over a million dollars in BP money for boom work and that he contracted himself (make a note local contractors). Pittman screwed you ALL!!!! against all Ethical and being a terrible human being to award himself over $700,000 worth of the BP money for boom work (Pittman tractor Company  screwes all contractors in South Alabama area) and to 
remove the anchors holding them in place.  Was paid to bring in the anchors, only to  just to cut the ropes and let the anchors continue to pollute or water ways. We have audio and videos of Trip Pittman saying don’t worry about going through the trouble of bringing in the anchors as well as video being shot on some of the boats that Trip Pittman instructed to just cut the lines and leave the anchors in the bay. Pittman got paid to bring in the anchors that he left to continue to pollute our waterways. This is wrong and is not completely solved we assure you. Also, if we find or believe that Sheriff Hoss Mack did anthing wrong that you said about rigging any election. We wioukd act on it and show our views and proof of Hoss did anything wrong. Trip Pittman in our opinion is completely insane. We have met with Governors, AGs, Lt. Governors, Congressmen, etc   None of them endorsed you!!! We only care about “ONE THING”  ALL people doing right. Trip Pittman who will sooon be out of politics for good, We can assure you of that!!!!  Just in the last 30 days, Pittman was insane enough to backed a bill to install a gas chamber for death row at a cost of millions to the State and just recently put a bill up for vote to give politicians a “secret approval” of an ethics decision so that when they screw up the taxpayers, WAIT??? ready for this, they will have immunity. Just call Montgomery. In our opinion and several White House cabinet officials. Trip Pittman should be banned from proposing any new bills until such day he is no longer apart of the Alamaba State Senate and cleans out his desk from Alabama politics forever. Without a doubt, the worse politician if not only our opinion, but several highly rated senators, congressmen and even higher officials in their own words “lost his mind”!!!!!  Check and see where all his left over campaign money went after getting only 7% !!!!!!!!! Yes Seven!!! of the entire state of Alabama, not just Baldwin County, when he ran for US Senate. Should be a dang law that when you steal money and then run for another office and get 10% of the entire vote. You should just quit. Instead, he works everyday to make the State of Alabama the worse possible place to live in. We let it happen. But NO MORE!!!  He’s is finished so let’s not dwell on losers!!!!  Leave you sorry SOB. Get out of Montgomery. The stench is bad enough without (don’t worry, it’s always has smelled like pig shit)  you being up here and stinking the whole place up like you have been doing for years. You have not done crap for the betterment of Alabama. Ask the local places that you eat at and think you are some person with answers when only a couple of peole walk out to ask you question. You are worthless and history has PROVEN THAT!!!  Want the truth? Just ask anybody with some common sense!