---
title: Good old boys I don't like them
date: 2018-06-15 13:37:16
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I went before Judge Scully and he was very keen on listening to both parties of all the cases that went before us. But when it came time to hear my case, he ignored the Uniform Residential Landlord and Tenant Act (35-9a-204) which states:

Landlord to maintain premises.
(a) A landlord shall:

(1) comply with the requirements of applicable building and housing codes materially affecting health and safety;

(2) make all repairs and do whatever is necessary to put and keep the premises in a habitable condition;

(3) keep all common areas of the premises in a clean and safe condition;

(4) maintain in good and safe working order and condition all electrical, plumbing, sanitary, heating, ventilating, air-conditioning, and other facilities and appliances, including elevators, supplied or required to be supplied by the landlord;

When I showed Judge Scully the pictures of all the mold, roof leaks and damage caused by structural issues that the landlords failed to disclose upon renting to me, he arrogantly said that "they don't have to fix anything." 

WHAT?????????

My landlord is a vet and so probably Good Old Boy system at work here. 

I still can't believe the crap I just witnessed. Scully humiliated me. He followed the law to the letter is EVERY OTHER CASE before me but when I got up there he didn't even ask the landlord if they bothered to make any repairs. 

I lost it. Lucky I didn't get contempt of court, but this judge is clearly biased.