---
title: Taking back Baldwin County
date: 2018-07-11 09:19:47
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 A dime that keeps the word out there. If would absolutely ridiculous for anyone wanting to make a change to support the Ripp Report. It’s time we take back not just the politicians, but hold everyone accoutable for any wrong doing in Baldwin County. If you live in Baldwin County and you do not wish to participate in making our County better place to live, get out!!!  It’s all our responsibility to do right in every place that we are needed. WE are the people who care about calling out ALL the unethical people we know have running Baldwin County. Everything from out DA, out Sherriff, or School Board Members, their President, the Superintendent. These people are going way out in left field to keep these who are lining their pockets. Jeff Boyd, we know that you are a marked man know and will forever be. As hard as we worked for you and your campaign, I hope everyone in Orange Beach will see that you have sold you soul to the bullshit that DUI Chris Elliott along with Mayor Tony Kennon and Mayor Craft, who I used to admire so much until I found out that Mayor Tony Kennon had to pay off several women for sexual harassment charges and even though I’m sorry that Mayor Craft has had some problems with this brain, has completely gone of the deep end thinking he’s a dictator and not a democracy  Mayor. He has lost all his values and has already gone off the deep end. 
I BEG!!!! Each and everyone one of you get out there and vote the scum out. We will get rid of some of these others court jesters and they come up for re-election. Eddie Tyler, you can get your suit cases out and after defeating DUI Chris ELLIOTT. You two can go and get drunk and drive until y’all get caught together. Michelle Thomason, you are a Judge with no morals out and can get in the back seat with all those worthless people who do not care about you. Dorsey, you are already gone and don’t even know it. The millenniums, this is your County. No matter if you are sons or Daughters, you have the chance to make things right. Go vote and take control of you and your own kids that you may have or might plan on having. THE TIME IS NOW!!!!