---
title: No Hope
date: 2018-08-03 07:39:50
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 ~ What Is The Definition of a Friend? 

I recently read an article that said that good ‘ol Joe visited Randy’s diabetic clinic. He paid his own co-pay and got treatment. The paper said he was not being investigated or charged in this matter. 

~Dig A Little Deeper
Well, if insurance didn’t cover it, how much did he pay out of pocket? Was he ever billed for the amount insurance did not cover? Did he pay that? How much was a treatment?  I thought that supposedly it wasn’t covered. Did the paper ask for paperwork on that? 

And that was where the corruption came in- Randy and friends were trying to motivate BCBS into covering the procedure- which BCBS was denying. This upset Randy’s applecart and money scheme. He needed his allies to help him.

COME ON FOLKS ! You are telling me that Joe woke up one morning, just happened to wander into this clinic, pay a co-pay &amp; get his pancreas treated, and the treatment worked for him?

Okaaaaayyyyyy!!!!!!

Was Joe the representative scheduled to give testimony to the board in Montgomery and say that this medical treatment worked? Who pulled the plug on that meeting? Why? Did they know that Randy was being investigated and was going down? Probably! 

Bet ol’ Joe turned on his “friend” Randy Davis to keep his ol’ butt out of trouble. 

Don’t tell me that he didn’t know what was going on. He and Randy have been the best of friends for years and years. All of a sudden he is distancing himself from Randy. But he had his toe in the water by going to the clinic. There are all kind of pictures and pats in the back with his friend Randy Davis and all of a sudden Joe went radio silent. You don’t see them socializing anymore. Just Joe and Harry Shriver now. 

Joe is such a good friend to the person who can serve him best!