---
title: Miss Barnwell
date: 2020-03-11 21:15:45
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 To Whom It May Concern, 
The: Bill Sponsored by Rep Joe Faust
How many years has he been in office? 16? 20? 
Anyone ever heard of him writing the language to sponsor a bill? I haven’t! 
It is my honest opinion that he isn’t capable.

What I do think is that he hired that little short bearded newspaper writer fellow to write the language in that bill; this is the same fellow that wrote nasties about everyone but the establishment politicians in his little Gulf Coast newspaper. Well, that little newspaper creature now works for Joe- we taxpayers pay his salary to write up LAWS and PR for politicians! Kay Ivey also appointed the newsboy to serve on some nonsense board. More pay for the short little reporter. 
Joe probably put the Barnwell landowners in a room with the little newspaper man and mumbled for him to jest fix something up, or draw up some papers to help these folk so that ‘ol Mayor can’t grab their land. He forgot about Burrell. 

Unfortunately the Barnwell landowners 
aren’t lawyers either and they are trusting an inept legislator and a vicious little newspaper writer to help them KEEP BARNWELL FREE AND HISTORIC. Sounds patriotic, right? 

Here is the problem. If Barnwell and the unincorporated areas that they have designated become a municipality;  those in control of the newly formed district or municipality can decide to allow annexation. 

These folks need to let an educated professional, maybe a retired judge or real estate attorney put eyes on this and take a long look at this before shoving it out for a vote.

 This piece of legislature, along with the other antiquated laws on the books in Alabama will be there for a lifetime. Folks, you won’t be able to undo this deed. 

That is a LONNNNNNG TIME to be miserable over some silly legislator and his sidekick who have trouble getting in out of the rain. They might be trying to help you and they might have good intentions, but more than likely the newspaper boy is just using his sharp writing skills and the legislator is wanting to look good. He knows we are on to him. 

Take you time, do things right!!!!