---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-06-10 22:10:36
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I would have to agree with you to a point. As a group we have tried to caution her (Fairhope Mayor) that there will be traps set and to be careful when to take the bait and when to leave it where it stands. Also, fire who you need to or want to, the day you get into office. She had plenty of time to at least have an iffy list. But, she would not listen and this is the first time I am going against the grain. We all trusted that she would not make so many stupid decisions in such a short time without taking the advice from trusted people in the community. She is and has put herself in the corner that she now sits in.  The worst part of this is that the Citizens of Fairhope where coming together. The ole saying "If you don't stand up for something!  You will always fall down".  Having the record and terrible actions of the Council itself. It was simply a matter of waiting for the people to understand and to have fired (let go) some of those that we all knew where not doing anything or even still doing things under the direction of the former Mayor Tim Kant. Stevie Wonder could have simply seen this!  Sorry, Not trying to be heartless or mean. But any advise was thrown to the side and that she (mayor) knew better. It will take a lot of work and support to make things better. A Mayor that won't listen to those who know what to do to help and a group of city Councilmen that would beat their own mother's if they disagreed with them and have lied before and to this very day since they have been elected. This is all the Truth!!!  Prove me wrong!  Please. Damn national guard needs to come in here and wipe all this crap clean. By the way. Figures don't lie. Anyone that had ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE SOCCER FIELDS and did not report the wrong doing should be punished along with the contractors that screwed this city royally. Especially the city councilmen!!!!!  Dang, even our Fairhope Middle School students figured out someone was doing something wrong!!!  Let the Middle School Students run the city. It would be an great improvement!!! Another fact!!