---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-10-20 23:39:20
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 No one........Fairhope is a cess pool now.  Kant, Burrell &amp; Boone have bullied everyone and have now been joined by Brown.   Our lovely City has been sold out by our former Mayor and our former and current city council.

  So sad that the ill-informed and the ignorant have allowed this to happen.  Anyone with assets to protect should sell out now and let the renters have at it!   I certainly hope that the renters continue to support our fabulous downtown merchants after we are all gone, but I am betting that the apartment people would prefer to shop at Walmart than at our amazing downtown stores!  Then there will not even be a vibrant downtown and no one will want to live here.

  The people that believe that Fairhope's Council/Planning Commission are working for the good of the City are simply not paying attention.......anyone living in those horrid apartments will be shopping at Walmart......NOT downtown.   How do they not understand that if we don't support our wonderful downtown merchants that they will not continue to exist?  

Fairhope has one chance to return to grace......please listen to our hard-working Mayor Wilson.  She is trying her best to save our city!  

I have been and will continue to be critical of some of her decisions, but she is the only hope we have left.

Remember, if nothing else, that Jack Burrell stated that the massive sewage spills all over town and into Mobile Bay are 'Unavoidable'.......that after, he, as City Council President, re-allocated all of the utility funds into other 'areas' to benefit his friends .......also, most of our City revenue goes to the Airport Authority.  Why am I the only one that knows that this is a massive conflict of interest?

I am so depressed by the level of stupidity among Fairhope voters.  Only when their property values tank will they even care. Apologies for the length of this post, but please wake up! Talk about this!  Share with friends and neighbors and discuss what solutions could be. 

Thanks for reading my venting against Burrell &amp; Co!