---
title: Fruitnnut
date: 2021-12-12 14:28:46
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 NO TRESPASSING/ PRIVATE PROPERTY. I have a Satsuma and two navel orange trees in my yard. TWO TRESPASSING VIOLATORS enter my yard and STOLE fruit from My PROPERTY. This year they only produced about 30 fruits between the 3 trees and these FEARLESS TRESPASSERS didn’t come 1 but 2 days in a row to commit their CRIME even with vehicles in the driveway at 12:15 broad daylight. They could walk the same distance from the from the road to Hi Neighbors to purchase oranges. Mind you My THREE YEAR OLD DAUGHTER was devastated and wanting to know WHY? We were putting up the CHRISTMAS TREE at the time of VIOLATION. She was looking forward to HER ORANGES and now we can’t share our traditional pickings. She likes to take them to family members especially her grandmother who makes Satsuma Glazed Chicken. These trees are hit or miss and this year was a miss. Last year I was tired of picking but we took a lot to the Fire Department and different stores we visit and gave them away. It was 400 to 500 easy. Some people knock and ask to pick and take pictures with their kids and grandkids. Which was totally fine. ENTITLEMENT AND FALSE SENSE OF PRIVILEGE has become a SERIOUS PLAGUE. I am a BLACK MAN. If I were in their yard. YOU ALREADY KNOW. If I confront them in my yard. YOU ALREADY KNOW. I am A MARINE AND WAR-TIME VETERAN. Sometimes thanking us for our Service opens old wounds that we most of the time endure alone. If you know who these VIOLATORS are and even if it’s you. Stay yo AZZ out my yard. NO TRESPASSING/PRIVATE PROPERTY!!!!!