---
title: The Ripp Report
date: 2018-04-03 08:19:54
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Message Body:
I thought you would be interested in a few Frank Burt developments. First off check out the Sheriffs Inmate website- Burt's "son" Tony has been sent to a Federal Penitentiary for felon in possession of a handgun. Seems he pistol whipped his girlfriend in a doctors office. Daddy Frank was unable to get him out of trouble and the rumor is that he is the one that purchased the handgun for young Burt and then had publicly bragged around Bay Minette as to arming this miscreant. Next the rash of very expensive Burt campaign signs has been of some interest. I think someone needs to find out WHO is paying for these tributes to such an egotistical clod. Another interesting development is the fact that Frank used County money to be paid for his own "life story/lie story) to be made into a documentary. I believe you can see it on You Tube - he naturally used the unqualified and incompetent head of the Archives to "produce" this farce. Its obviously using taxpayer money to campaign. On that topic, I know its easy to establish he runs the county provided ford truck complete with taxpayer gas all over the country side to campaign, wheedle and threaten. There remains the saga of Burts long time partner in crime and bed, Wanda Gautney who is locally called "Commissioner 5" - Burt escalated her to the head of purchasing where she awards contracts to Burt stooges and shares in kickbacks. Stewart Construction is one of the big players. Steve Gautney .. Wandas husband has been provided a job for his quietly allowing himself to be the cuckold in past years and has avoided being terminated due to being not only unqualified but incompetent because of the cuckold tab that Burt owes him. Of course Burt has an odd sexual history that involves strange alliances and relations with males as well. 
It seems no one has picked up on the fact that during Dorsey's first term he was using the parking lot to the Robertsdale annex for his race car club to use on Saturday mornings illegally. I find it interesting that when he was elected to the County Commission he was bankrupt and living in an apartment in Silver Hill and now has purchased a big chunk of property and is building a large palatial home. Amazing what you can do on the salary currently paid by the County Commission. 
Quite interesting -