---
title: Chris Warner
date: 2020-08-17 22:00:38
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 In 2008, I was standing on the corner of 181 and Fairhope Avenue holding a sign with my name on it, running for mayor when Paul Ripp pulled up in a volkswagen
jetta and got out and introduced himself.  He explained he was a consumer advocate and that he was interviewing all of the mayoral candidates, 
running for mayor in Fairhope.  He asked if we could have a cup of coffee.  I said sure, that I had planned on getting my oil changed, and that he could follow me
and we could ride together to Waffle House.  I was meeting everyone at this time and I had no concerns of riding with Mr. Ripp to Waffle House on Highway 98 (Greeno Rd.).

Paul Ripp told me that me standing on the corner "took serious balls."  I thought that was funny at the time, but I remarked to him that it was not easy.  I stated that
for the first ten minutes I did it, I felt like, "I wanted my Mama!"

Paul explained to me that back in 2004 or 2005, Mayor Kant had screwed him over in a land deal, disallowing the separation of a piece of property he owned, preventing him from
 building on one lot and selling the other.  He explained he took Mayor Kant to court and won.  He further explained that when he picked up his settlement check
for punitive damages from the city awarded to him in court, that he asked to speak to the mayor.  

Ripp told Mayor Kant that he was going to work until he defeated him and got him out of public office.  Paul, never one to be deterred, finally defeated Mayor Kant in 2016,
helping to elect Karin Wilson, Fairhope's first woman mayor.

In 2009, after I completed the book about Healthsouth with Aaron Beam, Paul Ripp, through a friend, got me a speaking engagement with the Birmingham Sunrise Rotary 
at the Vulcan Museum on top of Red Mountain in Birmingham.  On December 19, 2009, I spoke to the Rotary Club about "The Wagon to Disaster" the true crime story
I penned with CFO Aaron Beam.  After that speech, I was met in the parking lot by Joe Gilchrist's older brother, David, now deceased.  David insisted that I meet his 
fascinating brother, Joe...that he had "lived five lifetimes."  I asked him what his brother Joe did.  He replied, "He owns Flora-Bama."

So meeting Paul Ripp changed the course of my writing career and gave me a wonderful life pursuing what I love...telling stories.

Paul Ripp is the kind of guy that makes things happen.  He is also the kind of guy
that has no fear and never gives up. Because of this, one would want to be on his good side, rather than the alternative.

I am glad I am on Paul's good side, like the City of Fairhope.

Also, don't forget that Paul Ripp ended the rigging of the elections by Mayor Kant's father in law. This stopped when Ripp brought down the Secretary of State's legal rep to oversee the counting of the ballots.

And voila...Karin Wilson was elected the first female mayor of Fairhope.

Also, remember that Ripp endorsed the three Bees last time.

This time around ... 

They are on their own.