---
title: Justice Coming
date: 2017-08-09 18:26:49
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Regarding the Article at hand and it's subject. Particular to the last paragraph. It's is my opinion that the wonderful week that we have had so far signing up our Kids for school that we are sooo lucky to have some of the best teachers and coaches that we could possibly have ever asked for. Most of them know and the rest of them are learning that the money that Jack Burrell is spending at the airport that actually could be going to the schools is almost double. No money should be given to the airport. It's not even in the city's name.  I can assure that Jack Burrell will be punished by the taxpayers and the state for not only wasting money that is doing no good going to the airport but also the disgusting actions and words that he uses on a daily basis especially demeaning the women of Fairhope, will very soon catch up with him along with the terrible decisions that he and the council have made. I have seen this first hand while I even have students with me that Jack Burrell is rude and worthless and when the rest of the Councilmen sit there and let Jack Burrell talks down to everyone especially women and this goes for everyone. None of them react in a way that is respectful to any of us. They are just as guilty as Jack Burrell. I will tell you that Jack Burrell is going to have at the very least, having to resign his position. Let me make this also crystal clear. You councilmen who have allowed Jack Burrell to get away with wrong doings and treat people especially the Wonen of Fairhope. There will not be mercy given to anyone of you pathetic men that has continued this to go on and on. Say your prayers. You all will regret letting Jack Burrell use all of you like puppets.  You all are just as guilty and the law will take care of this.  This is a fact. It has to do with today's article and subject matter. And may God have mercy on all of your worthless souls. No one should be treated like the way that Jack Burrell and this Council has treated all of us!!!  Justice is coming from the legal system and I cannot wait. Be patient. I can assure you that each and everyone of you will witness this. And Tim Kant. We can't wait for you to climb up from under that rock. There are a whole lot more people other than the 3 who should have gotten fired the first day in office or has leaked info to Jack Burrell and the rest of the councilmen.   We have interviewed so many good people that we are not worried about the ones sueing and complaining about being fired. They have shown themselves as being worthless in the first place and they will end up being worthless when Jack Burrell and the rest of the councilmen think they going to hold Fairhope and the taxpayers as hostages.  Justice is a coming!  Thank you Teachers, Coaches, Principals and all other staff members of our Fairhope Schools for doing such a GREAT job!  We need y'all and you know for a fact that we appreciate you all!!!  We will!!! get that airport money coming your way!!!!