---
title: Future Leaders
date: 2017-08-10 16:43:13
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Oh boy. Here we go. This site has never been the posting of only one sided opinions and only contain pro Mayor views!  You must be a newbie. Did you even read the article?  That has been one of the two major problems for people acting like fools for which we have had to put up with and now we are tired of reading stupid and uneducated responses and accusations. I can assure you after reading the Ripp Report for many years that it allows everyone to post their opinions whatever they may be. Against or for the Mayor. Doesn't matter. Just read the darn current article (everyone) and comment however you would like to about the subject. Just keep it as honest and truthful as you can without the vulgar language and insane accusations and I am sure that you won't be disappointed. If you enjoy reading the terrible and foolish posts like some of the ones in the past. Maybe you need to find these people and start your own site. Whichever way you chose to go. I hope that you will be happy. If you enjoy reading posts that are ridiculous and foolish this site may not be for you. If you decide that after reading the article and want to make a rational post whether it's pro this or against that. I think you should be involved. The biggest thing is to not embarrass a lot of our youth and upcoming kids that will play major roles in helping our city become greater. You would be surprised how many kids in High School and even middle school read this and other sites. Keep it clean and about the subject at hand. I'm sure that you will be satisfied if you are a person having this kind of character.