---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-08-10 17:46:20
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I will allow Ripp Report to reply but I have something to say about this.  The way I see it, what he says only makes sense and this is why.  If the Mayor just wanted to get rid of the employees in question she could have easily done it when she took office.  In fact I'm sure many wondered why she didn't, as that is pretty much customary for a new administration.  But as she has said in interviews, she wanted to give them a chance to be loyal to and work with her, as they did with her predecessor.  So, if she did not let them go when she took office, but decided to later, what exactly does that tell you?  It tells me she discovered things once she finally had the ability to actually look at things, how those employees acted on the job   and how they performed. To me, the easiest answer to believe is always the simplest one, the one that makes the most sense.  Trying to manufacture complicated explanations for things we may not understand is just stupid and serves no purpose...for anyone. 

And again, I continue to be baffled by everyone's curiosity about these fired employees.  It's as though never in history have employees lost their jobs before.  Sometimes good employees lose their jobs through no fault of their own.  I lost two jobs I'd had for many, many years, though I was considered a stellar employee with outstanding reviews by my supervisors.  This happens in the work force and anyone who is astounded by this is living in a different world than me.  But when I lost my jobs, though I was upset, it never crossed my mind to blame my supervisors or even my company. And it certainly never occurred to me to file a law suit and manufacture random trumped-up charges to make them pay me enormous amounts of money that I simply did not deserve, just because I wanted it.  The fired employees may have been the sweetest women in the world.  But now they are behaving like spoiled, selfish children, and I believe they were encouraged by one or more people to act badly, with the money-carrot dangling in front of their noses.  It's shameful is what it is.