---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-04-28 14:26:54
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 "And effectively doing that with the Director of Economic and Community Development. Council cut that department despite the fact that the department, for all practical purposes, is essentially the same as the prior Community and Rec. Department. Then telling the Director of Economic and Community Development to apply for the department head job in the prior Community and Rec. Department. If it was a salary issue, why not just tell the Mayor that the Director of Economic and Community Development would be dropped pay grades just like the Operations Director. Instead, it is the Council (i.e. 5 men who are essentially clones of each other – white, male, sport coats, similar socioeconomic backgrounds and “supposed” Christians) trying to exert unnecessary and pointless control over the female Mayor and another female department head through pretext. Mayor should be able to call a department whatever she wants to call it provided the name is within the realm of what the department does and provided the department functions in generally the same manner as the prior department did. Obviously you wouldn’t change a “Sewer and Garbage Department” to “The Candy Department”, but if you changed it to a “Waste Management Department” what difference does it make? Councils should challenge mayors; that is how checks and balances work, but these petty political games being played by the Council are what many people find upsetting."