---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-04-29 22:42:22
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I agree you would not be someone that could advise, you are too passionate and have made too many complaints and accusations (nothing personal). The mayor has to want advice, she has to want to listen to some that are not political motivated or someone that that didn't support anyone. She must learn to listen to others that view things through a different lens, not family, not her sister, not her friends nor someone that has run for office that lost. Someone has to look themselves in the mirror first, one must learn to self-actualize before they can listen to the truth. The truth really hurts, it can be brutal, and it can cause great pain but the truth is the truth. One can not accuse others, then think they can work together, the human psyche is not likely to allow this occur if you are the accused. IF she is really smart, she would surround herself with individuals that are independent thinkers, just like a publicly traded board of directors. They may like the CEO, but they a more concerned about the company than the CEO, they owe a duty to the shareholder. If you have truly independent thinkers, you will hear the truth, and if you want to grow personally, you will take the advice but she has to make the decisions, and in the end, it is her decision and she must live with the results. It may not be too late for the mayor, but I think she really has bad advisors, as of today, I think it is too late, I really do, the damage has been done. Once the bullet is out of the barrel, it is hard to get the bullet back in the barrel. She had indeed help divide an already divided community, and a leader doesn't divide, they bring the community together, they listen, as in listen! The advice I would give this young mayor, take the high-road, drop her pride, perhaps in some way apology for all the accusations. I know I would be hard-pressed to work with her if she had accused me of wrongdoing. I really think it is too late, that is the sad part but probably the truth. Common sense would tell someone you can't accuse someone of wrongdoing that has the power of the purse and hope to get what you ask for, they all are elected officials, they all were elected by the same electorate. I am a pragmatist and realist. Sorry guys.