---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-04-30 11:23:47
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Sometimes when people do not take subtle hints or talks, and talks, and talks, saying the same thing over and over and over, it's appropriate to tell someone to shut up! AND if they still want stop talking, then you take the microphone from them.

Here is a question for you knowledgeable folks on here: Has any council member ever interrupted the mayor as a town hall meeting, has a council member ever spoke at a town hall meeting without the mayor recognizing them?

The town meetings are the mayor's, the council meetings belong to the council. Public participation is not required at the city council meetings, the president fo the council allows this, but it is not required. It is an open meeting, only so citizens can see their government working. My advice to Burell, put the rules out and then if enforce the rules as outlined, no exceptions. 

Leaders lead, they say what they mean and mean what they say. Being a leader is making hard decisions, and not everyone is going to agree with the decisions. I hope everyone understands that when someone elects a person, that person speaks on their behalf, it is not the place of the voter to tell the elected official how to vote, that is the elected official's decision based upon ALL the facts.

AND, the past is always the past, regardless of any tolling that may be attached. If there is a crime, the send it to the proper authorities and move on, that is what they are there for, not for someone that really doesn't know all the fact to speculate.