---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-04-30 16:04:18
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I wish individuals on this site would have some facts before they post. If anyone would go down to city hall ask how much money is brought in from building fees one would ba amazed. It brings in millions and millions, it actually brings in so much that if the city stopped growth or drop growth to 2 - 3%, the city would have to cut back on a lot of the spending for the 'feel good" items here in Fairhope.
 
Get the facts, then post, and remember, the facts are, among other issues that if the city had not grown, the city would not have the money to light the trees, change the flowers so often, the list goes on and on. If the city wants to have all these 'feel good" items then growth or higher taxes are what is going to happen, or cut back on all the 'feel good". It is really that simple, go and read, understand, all it takes is some slight intelligence to understand.

The city can borrow long-term at low fixed rates to fund capital expansion, then use the fee income, to supplement the 'feel good" stuff. I think while interest rates are this low, the city should borrow, keep building a cash reserve with the fee income but borrow at these lower rates, the borrowed money to be used for capital improvements.

What this city needs, it needs a CFO, not an accountant, but a CFO, someone that can see the forest without the trees blocking the view.

Many that post, have never read the city ordinances, to include the mayor, as how much the city charges the builders in various impact fees. There is a state law that limits the amount fo fees a city can charge, and Fairhope has maxed out these fees. Read the city ordinance that outlines the fees charged to developers and builders. It is one of the highest fee structure in the state of Alabama.

Go back everyone, simply go and read the financial statements during the great recession when all the building stopped, the city lost millions and millions. Yep, go and read, read and understand before you engage without knowledge.  

Now, don't start pointing fingers that the previous mayor or council didn't borrow and invest in infrastructure, they in charge during the great recession and it affected everyone's psyche, leaders really didn't know just how bad things were going to get, and it was bad, real bad. It will make you not want any debt.

READ FOLKS, READ. ORDNANCE 1331