---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-05-01 23:39:33
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 You don't know if you can buy her, you assume she can't be bought. Indeed the Fly Creek issue did help put her into office but the fix is not pointing fingers, the past is the past. She can not undo what had been done, start looking to the future and not the past. But we would hope she was elected for more than just Fly Creek, we hope she was elected for her leadership skills, the ability to unite a city for the common good, right?

Perhaps people around like the way it is, there is a reason we're from Alabama, and this is indeed okay. Folks should not move here and say, we are going to change your way of life because we know better than you. That is like having the someone coming into your house and tell you what is wrong with it, how to make it look nicer, and tell you how paint colors were all wrong.

The folks from this great state love it here, we like the slow pace, the laid back feel, the ability to trust and the knowledge of knowing who your parents were, or you grandparents, or great-great-grandparents. Remember we were cool before cool became cool, now, everyone wants to cool.

Folks in Alabama have remained in Alabama because we help found the state and those that don't like our way of life should find somewhere else to live. Folks that want something more liberal should move to a more progressive city because this is our way of life.

Having two long-serving mayors, Nix and Kant could not have done everything wrong, folks want to live here don't they? Befoe Nix was mayor this city was a ghost town, then Nix began to build Fairhope into what is known as Fairhope and despite many on this blog believes Kant did a good job, not perfect, he managed to get Fairhope financial crisis. 

So, for all those that want to criticize every leader this city had in the past is blind to they help build. They were not perfect, no leader is, but someway they were able to make Fairhope a place where everyone seems to want to live.

Stop walking around with a mirror and start looking forward.