---
title: Anonymous
date: 2019-05-08 01:16:32
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Good point.  I'm not arguing but here's some more conjecture.  I agree it is most likely a Catalyst affiliated person. Cliff appears to me to like the spotlight and enjoys being heard. I've never met him and I haven't been to any events, so I haven't gauged his personality in person.  While I do see the possibility that he wanted an outlet for his more controversial thoughts and anonymity allows more than a newspaper could stomach an employee openly publishing those opinions, I have a few doubts.  For the placeholder text, it was there for quite an extended period of time that they were actively blogging.  But let's say he didn't care about that.  Why did he stop?  If it's an outlet he needed, what has changed?  The blog did not immediately stop when the employees were fired, but I did notice the topics turned quite a bit more general, eventually stopping.  As if the source of information was no longer there.  I don't have time at the moment to check, but I will sometime soon, I'll bet the change to general topics occurred at the same time as the firings.  I don't believe the fired employee, whichever one it was, was the writer. But I do believe they were the source.  Again, I haven't been to any events, so I don't know.  I've watched some video streams. I'm not aware, but do you know everyone present at these events? I think someone who would hide behind a website would likely not be of a personality to stand out in the crowd. I'm pretty certain Cliff knows who it is as do other Catalyst affiliated people.