---
title: Change
date: 2017-11-15 16:52:15
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 It was truly a joy not to have that loud mouthed asshole in the Council meeting this week. Hell, I think the councilmen up there actually looked as if they had a pulse for the first time that I have seen. It must be awful to have such an asshole to disrupt everyone that he's around while trying to do what's best for the city. Wake up councilmen. There is a person in town taking notes about your personal life (past and present) as well as everything you have done this year. Any other town would have already gotten rid of the trash and had things running the proper way already. Which actually simulates this past council meeting without Jack Burrell being present. Think about it Councilmen. 2 of you still have a chance to save grace with your friends and more importantly your families. The other 2. They have had too much Jackass kool aid to turn back. Sit back and let the professionals take care of this. It's actually a whole lot easier than we thought it would be. The things that  Jack Burrell and his clan have done are much worse than what was first described to us in the beginning.  You know you have a lot of cowards and scared people in Fairhope. They are going to become braver and not afraid anymore. This town is already getting better each day!!!!  This is your town. Don't let a group of pompous assholes run you or your city.  The ex employees scandal is really going to set things off as they have been meeting with Jack Burrell before, during and after they were fired. He will not be able to deny video. Sleep good Fairhope. We don't need any ethics commission or anyone else for that matter. I also know the Police Chief is smart enough not to lose his job or reputation over someone like Jack Burrell.