---
title: Citizen
date: 2018-02-25 18:18:27
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I’ll sum it up EXACTLY what a catalyst is for you reading pleasure and this is a fact and not some crap made up. A CATALYST is someone who run for office to gain personal wealth and not to help the citizens of Fairhope along with their children and grandchildren. A catalyst cares nothing about what crap is left over as long as their own pockets go cha Ching. Got it. Just look at the Fairhope City Council and especially the Baldwin County Commissioners. They all have profited from their positions both legal and illegal. It’s a known fact. They just count on all of us being stupid and not caring. Well, they have gotten their way I’m afraid for sometime now. BUT now it must come to a end.  Watch out for Lee Turner as well. The single tax has no business being in the developing business. I’m already planning a field trip, hopefully with the City’s approval, to take my class and show them just how beautiful the Gulley is and how much we need land like it to stay the way it is and not for Lee Turner’s meetings or for his developing dreams?  Mr. Turner, if we get permission? Would you please try some place else to Meet. There really no reason for you to be down there at all unless you have a reason that we don’t know about. While you have had meetings down there, did you ever look up and see just how beautiful the canopy of the Gulley is. My grandkids want it to stay just like it is. Like God intended. Thank you.