---
title: Anonymous
date: 2018-03-26 16:50:16
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Here is the best guess right now:
Burrell is hardest to read. His day job isn't helped by his council job. He may even run for mayor if he is in range to retire from his day job. (I doubt he is)
He may be fed up. He may be itching to continue his fight. Hard to read for me.

Boone should make more money the more they build roads and driveways and such. He doesn't even need to win a contract. If his competition wins then they are too busy to bid against him on something else. He doesn't seem too bothered by the bickering. Right now I say he runs again.

Brown is a home builder. Same as Boone. If enough houses are built in Fairhope he'll get his share. He doesn't seem bothered by the bickering either. He may be tired of it all and be one and done but I say he runs again,.

Conyers' day job isn't helped much by development. Last meeting he sounded like he thought (rightly or wrongly) that things were getting "better".
If they get better he may stay, if they don't he's likely one and done.

Robinson isn't helped by development. Most lawyers seem itching to cram as many billable hours as they can into each week so his council job should hurt how much he makes unless he's not very busy. He still has time to bill a pot full of hours so I think he's a bit different and will run again.
Of course a lot can change in 2 1/2 years.
And yes the Mayor will run again and beat Kant or a stand-in. All she needs to do is keep it toned down.
I would appreciate it if all the players would skip the drama. We need work horses, not show horses.