---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-04-20 10:15:35
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 During that meeting, they explained its not just about being sued if denied. My understanding from watching is that they can build the old PUD at anytime which is much worse for Fly Creek or they can annex that land into Daphne and build whatever they will allow because of the boarders of the property. The point was they cannot stop development on that property. If they did not give back the time taken away by the moratorium, which the old council promised and entered into a contract at that time, it simply makes their case even stronger. So there would be $100,000 of dollars spent on litigation even if they denied the property and it would still be developed. 

I wish moving forward we would toughen our planning and zoning and get ahead of this type of development moving forward without costing tax payers. Paying out tax payer money on what appears to be a "no win" situation just doesn't make much sense. If it is approved through the City at least we can do all we can to make sure environmental regulations are strictly followed and we can do our best to protect Fly Creek. The city has hired a new Planning and Zoning Director who I am sure would make it a priority. I am sure will not agree on this matter but I for one appreciate the service of Mayor Wilson and all our council members. She and many of the members are serving their first term and to subject themselves to the scrutiny and ridicule of so many they must all love our city and want to serve. They haven't even been in office 6 months and they inherited many of these issues.