---
title: 
date: 2017-01-25 18:07:30
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Dear Neighbors, Friends and Residents of Fairhope:

Please see below the letter that I sent out to the council members, as well as the mayor.  It is imperative that we put pressure on them to stand by their word and do what we voted them in to do.  Please send them an email, or copy mine or please give them a call to ensure the Repeal of Ordinance 1572 gets on the agenda at the next council meeting. 

jack.burrell@cofairhope.com  Karin.wilson@cofairhope.com; jimmy.conyers@cofairhope.com; robert.brown@cofairhope.com; kevin.boone@cofairhope.com; jimmy.conyers@mandmbank.com 
Please forward to anyone that would be willing to help. 
Thanks,
Mitsy Murphy
Fly Creek Resident


Dear Mr. Jack Burrell, City Council President, Council Members Jay Robinson, Jimmy Conyers, Robert Brown and Kevin Boone, and Mayor Karin Wilson:
 
You were elected to protect the Citizens of Fairhope against bad development.  You were elected based on your promise to repeal, and/or support the repeal of, Ordinance 1572 Fly Creek PUD Amendment.   
 
Since the end of October when the Planning Commission denied site plan approval, the repeal of the Ordinance has been laying in your lap on a silver platter to be repealed.  Yet, you have (so far) failed to fulfill your promise, causing me and the Citizens of Fairhope to wonder if we are genuinely being back-stabbed.
 
One would think that you would understand the urgency to place the Repeal on the City Council agenda, and vote in support of it.  Currently, there is no approved site plan and there is no permit.  Therefore, little to no exposure to the City for repealing it.
 
We elected you because you promised you were not in favor of the apartment development along Fly Creek.  Please do not shy away from protecting us the Citizens of Fairhope just because a developer threatened to sue if you do not do want he wants. 
 
Were we wrong? 
 
We want you to protect us and Fly Creek.  We want you to stand up to the developer and say, “No, we don’t care if you threaten to sue, or even if you do.  We are going to do what is right to protect Fairhope, its citizens, and its non-renewable natural resources.”  We don’t care if someone somewhere says the Repeal risks a lawsuit.  The old Mayor, the old City Council and others were perfectly capable of cowering to every developer if they threatened to sue.
 
We, I, thought you were different.  I hope I am wrong.  The Repeal must be placed on the next agenda or your lack of action will allow the Project to move forward.  Make no mistake, failure to put it on the next agenda is the EXACT SAME THING AS VOTING FOR THE PUD AMENDMENT to begin with.
 

I have copied everyone I can on this email, Rock Creek, Woodlands, Sandy Ford, Flying Creek, Sea Cliff Drive and Fly Creek owners (about 2000 votes), and urge everyone who heard the promises, who voted because of this issue to email, call, write – DEMAND- that these politicians who bold faced told us they would repeal or support the repeal of the Ordinance to live up to their promise. 
 
I pray that you do live up to your promise.  Mr. Burrell please put it on the Agenda.  Mr. Conyers, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Brown, Mr. Boone and Mayor Wilson vote to repeal it. 
 
If you do, we will all be grateful for you doing the right thing -taking a stand against this development.  Taking a stand is tough, but we expect you to be tough, and follow through with your promise.  Now is the time for you do it.  It can no longer wait.  What better legacy and testament for an elected official to have.  Likewise, what worse legacy can a politician have than reneging on the very promise that got him/her elected in the first place, back-stabbing the citizens, and cowering to a bully-out of town developer.  Please don’t be a coward.
 
Please, put Repeal Ordinance 1572 on the next agenda and vote to repeal it.  It is now or never.

 
 Respectfully,
Mitsy Murphy 
Fly Creek Resident