---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2019-11-08 20:42:08
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Great reporting and informing; however, Fairhope voters appear to be quite happily ignorant of the facts and so easily swayed by these 'Christian' gentlemen (?) who woo them at various churches.  Clearly, the old voters care more about being flattered than about being able to maintain their property values which are declining in value every day that Burrell rules the roost.    Sadly, the 30 &amp; 40 somethings are too busy with careers, kids and life to pay attention which is exactly what Burrell and the rest of these grifters count on; by the time their kids are in college, it will be too late to save their home investment.  Jay Robinson and Jimmy Conyers are the only ones on the Council with young children......the so-called 'Christians'  who vote for Burrell and Boone (Brown?) should wonder why it was only the old men (in the development business) that rammed through the purchase of the new 'ball field property' located in the traffic pattern of the airport.  One might assume that, if this were a great deal for the kids of Fairhope, Conyers and Robinson would have jumped on board.  It's clear that they have been bullied for years, but I am hoping that they are finally seeing the last straw here.  Jay Robinson would lose his Bar membership if he were convicted of a felony.......I believe and hope that he is distancing himself from the absolute worst Council member/President/human ever.    To anyone who disagrees with me, consider this:  Burrell professes to love Fairhope, but he is petulant, divisive, bullying and hateful (I could go on forever); Jay Robinson is an attorney and is much more qualified to preside over the CC meetings; he is also a very kind person from what I hear from his friends and associates.  Will Fairhope ever wake up?