---
title: For a better District
date: 2017-12-09 17:11:12
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Well. Stay down there a little longer than you planned. Maybe you will get your head on straight about putting a democrat in the senate. On the other hand. When you come back, I have check the finances of some of our congressmen and it's alarming how not only rich they are getting but, just how much money they are pissing away on staff and their many offices they brag about having and all the travel money they spend each year. All the while, giving us very few straight answers when they get back from one of their Washington trips. It's amazing that how one of them can brag so much on how they are helping our military and Austal and at the same time can't give us or even offer us a straight forward answer regarding what issues they are working in with the President. You don't have to grow some BALLS to stay in office. Unless you want to keep proving you are just another puppet that we have yet elected again hoping for a change. Answer the F ing question like a grown Christian ass man instead of lying straight to our faces at your less and less popular town hall meetings that some people come to just to say they saw a politician with their own eyes. You certainly have not helped our group in Mobile figure out anything in the issues at hand. We love Trump. But, don't be such a wuss and answer the damn question without bullshiting us during the meeting. Is the same way you make decisions with your family and what they might be involved with. Show us that you are not a puppet. Thanks, we are counting on it!