---
title: Alabama Smells Worse
date: 2017-12-11 01:00:57
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Well Ripp. When you do get back in town. I sure the awful stench that Cory Booker left behind this weekend will still be lingering. Hell. I could smell him from here while he was in DC. He's another one who thinks he can tell the "Black Folks" as he put it, to vote because of what he thinks. Hell, between Obama and Booker. Black folks have been put back years!!!!  Now we have a Black Republican calling Blacks in Alabama stupid and Alabama American Natives, "IGNORANT"!  The N word user and Black republican himself Tim Scott claims he will automatically have a investigation filed if Roy Moore wins but, had also proclaimed that he himself is righteous man who never has made a mistake. Getting deeper by the minute Alabama!!!!   Demoocrats and Liberals such as Shelby along with the media are on a record pace of seeing how high they can stack the bullshit!  They have already set a world record. They are just putting some insurance height on it. Makes no difference. They will truly break the record again in the future. All you republicans that are in office in the state of Alabama at this moment. Hold on to your horses. It's going to get bumpy. BUT, no matter what, without 100% solid truth against Roy Moore, you all have judged him as a bunch of heathens yourselves. Ask this of yourself whether you end up being right or wrong? Would you want God to Judge you or any of you family members so quickly?