---
title: Baldwin County Republican
date: 2018-08-03 11:42:33
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I am a Baldwin County Republican and proud of it.  Unfortunately, my party has been hijacked and stolen from me. I remember campaigning for candidates back in 1976. Once the Baldwin County Republican Party stood for limited government, honesty, and accountability to the people.  Today, it is a small group of insiders being funded by real estate developers and special interests making backroom deals in the shadows while they make pictures of themselves standing in front of churches with Bibles in their hands.  They are hypocrites and the people are finding out.
I see in particular two Democrats that will make better elected officials than what the "machine," or Catalyst is putting up on the hijacked Republican ticket.  I am going to be proud in crossing the ballot this November and I am encouraging others to do the same.  Until this cancer known as Catalyst is purged from my Republican Party, I will spread the news and about any candidate who is a Catalyst.  Furthermore, I will challenge any Catalyst in public as to why they are using this outfit to do their bidding. 
I too remember when Catalyst was just Stacey's father and he was working to get a Democrat elected back in he 1970's.  See?  Catalyst is just hiding behind the Republican brand at present.  Like the Devil, it morphs into different forms.  Its goal is to get its puppets in power and make money off the growth here in the County at the expense of future generations.