---
title: Better Baldwin County
date: 2018-02-21 18:41:13
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 We don’t need someone or something like the Ripp Report to let us know how sorry and what a terrible job, Tucker Dorsey has down not only since he was elected, but the failure and disappointing life he has lived. He comes in 2nd place as of right now as the sorriest Baldwin County Politician next to Tripp Pittman. Geeze, the stench that both these Bible Thumpers give of is nothing less than a polecat (skunk) for those of you city folks. It’s bad enough that Trip Pittman has just last week introduced a Bill to install a gas chamber for death row inmates. Yeah!!!! Can you believe this bull. Pittman is loco and has been and have always be in cahoots with Tucker Dorsey especially with the BP oil spill Fraud and the soccer fields as well as the what we now call the (industrial center) in Bay Minette as the DUMP!!!!  that Tucker Dorsey knew from the beginning. Tucker Dorsey, a name you can think about everytime you flush your toilet. Responsible for too many Grinder Pumps as well. What do you expect from someone who has given God the finger every Sunday while he smiles and greets people at church. He knows good and well the disrespect he shows our “Lord and Savior”.  We are too good of peole to put up with this for another minute than we have to. Frank Burt, you and Tucker fired great employees from the courthouse at Bay Minette and you both don’t care of the impact of your actions. This time, peole are going to speak up personally about how you two destroyed families. They and everyone will not stand for it. Don’t let the door hit you all in the ass on the way out!!!!  Tucker, Satan is waiting on you and Jesus know this. Oh, so do you and your fellow church member. Just ask them for yourself!!!!