---
title: Baldwin County WOW!
date: 2018-01-17 19:34:51
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 If my calculations are correct. We paid approx $14,000 an acre way back in 2011. $32 million dollars for what?  It wasn’t even appraised for half that????? I heard that President Trump made a comment about some countries being shitholes. Hell, Trump must have been thinking about our Baldwin County Commissioners and the dumbasses they are for making such a purchase. To think of DUI county Commissioner Chris Elliot running for State Senate along with approving this purchase, would make someone wonder why he himself hasn’t already walked out in the woods and kept on walking while allowing us to rid himself of  his bullshit. Tucker Dorsey is just a lying, bible thumping hypocrite that everyone unfortunately had finally figured out, but not soon enough how STUPID and Ignorant drunken human being that he is and always has been. Tucker Dorsey, you will not win another term!!! Ask anybody that isn’t kissing you ass willingly.  We haven’t been wrong in the last seceral years of political races and you won’t be the first incorrect result. Frank Burt, by his choice,  should have lead himself out of Baldwin County on his own without the walker he has to use. Disgraceful human being that hides behind people each and everytime he makes a mistake. Ask him how much HE ALONE benefited from the purchasing deal of the Shithole Mega site. Those figures coming soon. He would have helped Baldwin County Tremendously in such a huge positive way if he had gotten the hell out of Baldwin County years ago. Frank Burt and Tucker Dorsey have made deals with the devil himself and are hated by the good families that they have both together, purposely ruined their  lives. Good people lives!!!! REAL CHRISTIAN people!!!! Not fake Christians like all the County Commissioners and you can throw in Tripp “what the F Pittman and Jackass Jack Burrell and the 4 horsemen who tell you they praise God while nailing Jesus to the cross in the same breath.  You’ve been done Pittman. We just brought up your name Incase you are thinking about running for some office to steal yet again, money from the election fund. Where Is all the money left over from whe you got 7% of the votes for Alabama US senate race. Need money. Run again for something is what you have said. I People need to wake up and understand that there are many sorry ass people representing Baldwin County and Mobile County as well. As time goes on and the elections get closer. There will be more “Disgusting FACTS” that will come up regarding several of these now seated and some seeking office. Let us make one thing crystal clear “Families have signed  up with proof against these men!!!  We, as a group who has stuck together for the last few years, are not done with this. We are just getting started. This is the first flare to be shot in the air. Get ready Baldwin County. Facts will be dished out no matter what some of these assholes want for dinner!!!!!!
Congratulations on a fine job purchasing a shithole of a piece of property. $32 million since 2011. Would love to have the interest on that. Will have drone video for all of 
you to enjoy very soon.  More of you to come. Don’t want anyone to feel left out.