---
title: AMEN
date: 2018-06-21 23:57:28
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 This Ripp Report (Thursday Thunder June 21st) has got to be one of the best ones with the hammer hitting the nail square on the head of the nail with each and every swing!!!!  I can share with you a few things that I know for a fact. DUI Chis Elliott is a drunk and a liar. You know how you can tell? Anytime you see his lips moving, he’s drinking or lying or both. Sorryass Baldwin County School Superintendent Eddie Tyler is about the same less the drinking to a point. Rob Stankoski, is such a dishonest and foolish attorney (by the way, might have a few himself, wink, wink) was certainly a perfect match when DUI Chris Elliott hired him in the first place. If Stankoski was on fire, I think most people that really know him would poor gasoline on him. This entire blog and the Lagniappe article by Rob Holbert both need to be published again so people will see just how crooked DUI Chris Elliott is and that Attorney Rob Stankoski, who by the way, represents a long list of croooked clients. All these people do not know how to tell the truth. One of many last things, Elliott and Dorsey both have to GO!!!!!  Eddie Tyler, it will only take a few of us to have you replace. You might??? have enough sense to end your bullcrap you have been shoving up the butts of the principles and teachers in Baldwin County. With or without DUI Chris Elliott, we can get another School Superintendent and I can tell you that you could have a dozen Attorneys like Rob Stankoskis and it wouldn’t make one darn bit of difference. Get busy living right or living in another County.