---
title: Georgia Orwell
date: 2017-08-24 20:16:59
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 I agree that Botop is calm and I don't believe that she is stupid;  however, she lacks the education and relevant experience to be effective in her current position.  Karin Wilson is fighting an uphill battle because of Burrell, Boone and the rest of the Council trying to relegate her to obscurity as soon as possible.  I don't blame her at all for firing those that she fired; however, she can't state that she hired better qualified employees because she didn't.  The optics of the Botop and Maser hirings at such absurd salaries (for their education/experience) are not good for Karin.  As far as securing grants, these applications are frequently filled out by high school interns.  Anyone could do it; the fact that Kant didn't bother to have someone do so does not mean that Fairhope needs to pay $150,000 per year plus benefits to a friend of Karin's to do this.
I just believe that, if the voters are going to believe that Karin is truly doing a good job, they need to see that she is not just repeating the 'good old boy' patterns of Kant, replacing the boys with girls.  Botop and Maser just provide so much ammunition for those who want to revert back to the previous administration and there is a lot riding on Mayor Wilson being successful and winning over the voters that she has lost since her election.  The Council has waged a very effective war on her.
The recent sewage spills and the basic 'non-reaction' of the Council have been eye-openers for a lot of people on the fence.  She finally has a chance for people to take a fresh look at the good that she is trying to do.
I wish that we could put Boone &amp; Burrell in the Bay and make them stay there until they promise to do what is right for the City of Fairhope (or, else, resign from Council immediately).  Of course, a human probably couldn't last a day in that cesspool now.......how long until the tourists stop coming?