---
title: Chris Warner
date: 2020-11-11 20:23:10
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Ripp you need to clear your head. Take a walk along the bay maybe.
What are you going to do when Trump wins?

Biden is not the President Elect of anything.
Right now he lacks 270 electoral votes. Also, the electors have not met (December 14). Until then, ABC, CBS, Youtube, Google and your podcast and web page can say whatever they want. It's hearsay.

Now, you fight corrupt elections in Fairhope but cheer a corrupt election nationwide because you are such an anarchist it has blinded you. Your brain is not functioning correctly, I am afraid.

For someone who fought and bled on a foreign soil I find it unfathomable that you would support a pedophile (just like a fairhope councilman) for president of the United States--one that also used his crackhead son as a middle man to bilk billions from china and the ukraine.

Calling yourself an independent is more suspect and dubious than the new Fairhope Mayor calling herself qualified.

I guess anything is possible in your jaded little world where the wholesale rigging of elections is okay if it feeds your ego.

Maybe Donald's tiny hands drive you nuts.  Hey, it's okay. He's blessed with real manhood. A pretty wife. Loving kids who are well adjusted.  75 million Americans who have placed their abiding trust in him.

Maybe there's hope for you. Maybe there isn't.

One thing's for sure.  Biden won't sniff 300 electoral votes.

Trump tweeted on June 22nd that the democrats would try and steal the election and it would be the biggest scandal in the history of the world. He then moved control of the election process to the Department of Homeland Security.  Trump was playing 3D chess while you and the demoncrats were and still are playing chinese checkers.

So Trump knew they would use Hammer and Scorecard and a number of other fraudulent means to steal the election.  Why did he allow it?  In 2016 the man who designed the program--a patriot--disabled it, allowing Trump to win.  There is a cabal of powerful military leaders aligned with the President and are working with him.  They set a trap for your ilk and you walked unknowingly right into it.

In a few days you will see Trump play his biggest "Trump" cards, which makes perfect sense, because the fake news media that crowned Sleepy Joe president of the MSM will only impugn every fraud revelation with impunity. 

But rest assured, what transpires in darkness eventually comes to light, and like your waning credibility, it will be the ushering in of something new, and better.

Deal with it.