---
title: Robert Brown Fan (NOT)
date: 2020-11-12 03:01:32
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Just watched Rudy Giuliani's video. The one that crashed youtube after it 
 was posted. Rudy G. brought down five Italian mob families formally known as cosa nostra. Watch the whole video for yourself.

It sounds like a lot of states (PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ) at a minimum are going to flip to Trump after these lawsuits fully make their way to the US Supreme Court.

The main premise is that all of these states have election law written that if a mail in ballot is processed without both a Republican &amp; Democrat observer then it is not a valid ballot and it's vote does not count. Philadelphia alone has about 600,000 votes in this category. Pittsburgh has about 300K. Detroit in the hundreds of thousands. Can't recall Milwaukee, Las Vegas, or Phoenix as I think he just said there should be enough to flip those.

He describes how at least 10 Dem cities all followed the exact same game plan (like it was orchestrated), shutting down on election night because Trump was getting a big lead, locking out the observers, bringing in 100s of thousands of votes and processing them, and in many cases since they didn't have time to completely fill out the ballets, then the only vote is for Biden and no down ticket votes.

He said that have about 50 sworn affidavits where folks who witnessed this will testify under oath, plus at least one witness that will testify how this was all planned out and they had widespread training how to commit the fraud, and how they actually started the fraud with mail in votes prior to election day.

Just invalidating mail in ballets that had no observers flips PA, MI, WI, NV and AZ. He didn't mention GA, but the same could be said for GA.

This isn't the only type of fraud cases in the Trump team's arsenal, i.e., Dominion software, Hammer, etc. Rudy said more to come over the next few weeks.

If the Supreme Court just follows the constitution and election law as written in each state, most or all of these swing sates should most definitely flip to a huge Trump win.