---
title: For the Law
date: 2019-01-17 22:54:00
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 If none of these bastards are not in jail, then why wouldn’t anyone run for office to screw the citizens of all branches of government. We allowed this to happen and so it’s the so called norm now. Kay Ivey screwed our education pact  funds up so badly (fact!) while she was treasure of Alabama. She F’d it up so bad that she is now governor (little g) idiots don’t get capitalization. This is a message for everyone. Think of all the (now it would be called (#metoo) sexual assault suits that he was either found guilty of or paid off. He has a beautiful wife. So what. Trip Pittman for gods sake should kiss all of our asses that he’s not in jail. Tucker Dorsey was headed in that direction but screwed up bible thumping and telling lies straight to people’s faces. Randy Davis should go to jail. As an attorney I will damn sure have my clients given the same treatment as he is being given. Finally, for now, Chris Elliott should have gone to jail and I have personally talked to several policemen that they have let him go when they knew he was behind the wheel drinking while over the legal limit. This is going to bite all you policemen and judges one day because you all have something to hide that my team will find out and bring against you if just a hint of an opportunity comes up. Jack Burrell, anyone that would actually let him participate in a meeting is about as stupid as one can be. Faihope Airport should be Faihope’s!!! Poor chairman of the airport authority. You are a spineless prick that I’m sure Jack Burrell takes your sorry ass behind the wood shed and whip you like the tiny man you have shown ALL OF US.