---
title: Robin M. Smith
date: 2017-03-24 20:05:09
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 A tiny city like Fairhope has an airport.  Fairhope has many financial institutions, evidence of its wealth.  What do wealthy people with plenty free time like to do?

Drugs.  

What is the best way to get Peruvian flake into Fairhope proper?

Why not get it to the airport, on a plane.  Unload it under the cover of darkness, and with the protection of the cops.  Black Tar Heroin use is also on the rise as a recreational drug, due in part to the opioid abuse epidemic.  The airport is the perfect front for an illegal drug operation.  Bear me out.

Especially for a corrupt city government, which Fairhope undoubtedly was under Kant.  Mayor Wilson's election foiled the racket.  Ripp got the attorney general counsel to watch the election. Voila...Karin Wilson is mayor.

I have perused the documents posed by the Ripp Report.  If they are true it sheds light on an illegal operation. What this operation is I am unsure, but I am certain that the airport authority is not concerned with bringing legitimate business to the airport, like their working papers purport.  Instead, it looks like they are maintaining a front for some sort of illegal activity, as their documentation is sketchy and in many cases, false. Mr. Ripp's latest post shows major discrepancies between the dates of the contracts.  It looks like the paperwork was produced after the fact and only to appease officials, who rubber stamped it, and any investigators.

Paul Ripp is onto something big. If you know of any illegal activity at the airport, contact the FBI or the DEA.  Fairhope doesn't need this type of stuff.  I am scared for our families as drugs are a scourge on humanity.