---
title: Jester 666
date: 2017-06-02 17:16:55
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Indeed the city has a right to know what employees are doing on the job but you cannot target individuals, if it was installed on all computers then it is permissible. Even if it was installed on all computers it will come down to what the city's policy states. AND did they inform all the employees of the new policy.

IF it was targeted, the mayor needs to resign because she has violated the federal criminal code, and if any attorney-client privileged communication, especially if the city clerk was communication with the city attorney was breached, any medical information, ecterta, etc., then someone is in deep poop! If a council member was discussing an issue the city clerk then this is really going to sting.

Here's my prediction, the IT person that installed this program will cut a plea deal and then throw the mayor under the bus and the legal system will eat the mayor alive.

This is a case of altra vures, the insurance company will most likely not cover the mayor's legal expenses. She's done if this is true.

AND here is the kicker, any and all information obtain illegally will be ruled inadmissible in court, so her efforts may have cost her the job, and she could face criminal charges, and all the dirt she has uncovered will go back into the Pandora Box, all of it.

I have stated this before on here, she needed to have advisors that did not have a dog in this fight, was non-political and low key. I hate this for the city, the council, the mayor and more importantly, all of us that lives and works in this city - Carpetbaggers too! 

Those that were advising her really did not care about this mayor, it was all about vendettas but she will have to answer for it.

I pray this all not true, I really do, we need to pray for this city. 

I can still remember how that music used to make me smile
And I knew if I had my chance
That I could make those people dance
And maybe they would be happy for a while...

Out