---
title: Jester 666
date: 2017-06-04 12:37:52
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 So the Jester has been called out, the Jester is laughing too hard, please! WOW! HAHAHAHEHEHAHA! 

The only individuals on here being called out are the mayor's supporters. The Ripp Report and his gypsies know the mayor did not have the skill set to run this city. You know this, the Jester knows this, and after the latest stunt she has pulled, now we all know this.

Her supporters will try and justify this latest stunt as being appropriate, they will deflect, try and blame it on the city council, the hard working employees or the GOBs. You can place your head in the sand, but the Jester's eyes are wide open. 

Here is a thought for most of you, if the mayor has installed spyware, and we have to assume the spyware was only installed on the 7 devices as reported, but it could have been installed on other devices like the email server. Or is she reading the emails off the server?

What happens if you emailed a council member, and as a citizen have a concern with the mayor's strategic plan or other matters, and she is spying on those emails too. There would be nothing confidential within the city council, the council with the citizens, the council with the city attorney, among other issues. Why would anyone participate in city activities knowing that could be retaliated against. 

The only person that can tell Jester to stand down is a much higher calling, no one else. If The Ripp Report wants to 'band' the Jester from posting, then he will silence someone that really is objective and see things for they really are! The Jester's head on a swivel, always looking, listening and watching! 

It seems the Jester has placed such a strain on the mayor's supporters that it may be more than their souls can bear! 

Strike Fast! Strike Hard!

I met a girl who sang the blues
And I asked her for some happy news
But she just smiled and turned away