---
title: Anonymous
date: 2017-06-04 13:26:32
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Should she not have fired them? She could have shown them her knowledge and led them. When a military officer comes into a new unit, he does fire his subordinate officers, they lead them and grow them to become better! The new commander doesn't come it with regulations showing that their rank has power. You do have to pull rank if you are a leader, they follow you once you prove you are a leader! Most studies within the leadership community start with the traits of the military because military leaders have to lead in the most adverse conditions!

Once someone sees their leader as one that cares and wants to do things correctly, wants what is best for the unit, the mission, the people, the follower will follow. Threats, threats to leaders are opportunities, an opportunity to lead.

There would not have been any leaks if the mayor had conducted herself in a professional manner. When a new CEO comes into an office, they usually will replace some of their key people but over 12 - 16 month period, not within 60 days. When you lose long-term employees you lose institutional knowledge, no amount of money can replace this institutional knowledge - all CEO's know this if they are a real CEOs! The city is a bureaucracy, she needs to read Weber's Bureaucracy Theory, the strengths and weakness thereof. The 'W' in Weber is pronounced as a 'V'. Weber is an Economist.  

She could have done great things, but she came in pointing fingers, assuming others were all against her, and the manner in which she conducted business was out of line, having her sister come to employee meetings! Please!

She needed the council far more than the council needed her, but her lack of wisdom, her supporters, her advisor's ill-advised advice (lol) and we all see where this has gone. If you are going to claim to be a politician then become one, compromise, realize you are not going to get everything you ask for, stop trying to be the Queen! 

Has does someone negotiate without power? It is easy, but someone has to be intellectually curious, something this mayor is not interested in. In my humble opinion, she should resign the position, and learn from this experience. If you think it is bad now, it is going to get a lot worse over the next few years.

AS sad as this is, the GOBs beat her at her own game, they have won. IF she can humble herself to make a public apology to the council, especially to the president of the council for all the accusations she has made, she may, maybe, just maybe save herself. We are a forgiving people here in Alabama, but only if you profess your sins, sincerely apology for your deeds.

All this transparency is good for everyone else but does not seem to apply to her. You can not pick and choose what to be transparent about, either you are transparent, or you are not, you can not be a little bit shot in the foot, either you are shot in the foot or you are not!

The mayor and council are public figures, and therefore they are in the public preview, see one, see all! 

If you are being attacked by all sides, you lead!