---
title: 
date: 2020-06-18 15:56:40
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 Hey REMFRANT,
You say bring back the good ole boys.  I say we haven't even begun in running them off.  As the Catalysts get outed more and more, the goal will be that a candidate using Catalyst will be like that candidate running on the Athiests against God Party.
You will probably change your name.  It was Stacey back in the late 1970's, then it was Elliot, Haygood and Stacey, and now it is Catalyst.  We will be watching to see what you hypocrites will be calling yourselves in the future.  All we have to do is watch where Corte, Cox, Gumbo PAC, Columbia Southern, Cox, and Prebble send there money to and where the candidates pay their money to.
See? We have you guys figured out.
It does not take that much to figure out how evil, hypocritical, and greedy scum bags work. 
You can call Ripp a REMF all you want.  It is not just Ripp.  Ripp is one of many people who are growing tired and MAD AS HELL in seeing what you all have done to Baldwin COunty.  Yes, the Catalyst cancer has metastasized into the state of Alabama.  But we will be the chemotherapy that will stop this cancer. Already we have shrunk the malignancy of Catalyst and gotten rid of Dorsey and Kant.  We stopped the further growth of the cancer from spreading to the clerk of court and the Judge of Probate. You guys really took a hit losing Tucker Dorsey and the JOP. You guys use to brag about winning all the elections.  What happened?  I can tell you what happened, the SOS came down and kept you from rigging the elections.  Get used to losing more and more elections.