---
title: Bad news
date: 2021-05-25 20:29:50
authors: Ripp
categories: Holiday
---

 The sub-contractor hired by CyberNinjas just quit.  CyberNinjas are quoted saying they have no experience or knowledge of whats required to do the audit.  That's why they hired a sub-contractor. 

I wonder if it was the sub-contractor or CyberNinjas who made the false claim of deleted databases due to the lack of understanding of RAID arrays (basic setup for redundant company backups).

But let's be honest.  None of this matters to people like you.  

When it's over, they will make some claim without evidence.  They'll take it to court.  They will get denied because evidence is required for court.  That's the purpose of court. You'll whine and carry on that the failure of the court to take on your non-case was political and they never gave them a chance.  

How can our legal system function if anyone is allowed to file a case without putting forth any evidence?

The goal here has nothing to do with winning a court case.

The Democrats won the presidency but they lost the war whether you realize it or not.

The Republicans now control the state senates in 37 states.  One of the sneaky things that have been put into the some of the new voting laws has shifted rules around to allow state senators to ultimately decide their delegates. Democracy be damned.

But, when this happens, you will enthusiastically do your part.  Fueled by non events like this one and the ones before it.

So, why would the CyberNinjas sub-contractor head for the hills? I believe they came to understand that they will be one of the numerous sacrificial lambs when this is all said and done. They will be sued out of existence. It's probably already too late.